   background photo

   Prepare to "bug in" in one afternoon

   IFRAME: [1]https://player.vimeo.com/video/370547853?autoplay=1

   [2]Click here for the text version

   [3]add to cart image
   You will be charged $39 for the How to Bug In Forever Course.
   There will be NO other charges.

                        featured media logos

   warning: Bugging out to the woods in case of an SHTF event is
   suicide, because you don't stand a chance

   Problem: evacuating when disaster strikes will kill the vast
   majority of those who decide to do it. I don't know who started
   this trend but I don't like where it's going...

   Dozens of thousands will flee through the woods from the
   disaster, to forage and to hunt. Traffic jams will paralyze the
   main exits, with other routes being risky as well... and
   looters will take advantage of the situation, as they've done
   so many times in the past.

   Cars and trucks will be destroyed by thugs, security
   checkpoints would be a pain in the you-know-what to pass, and
   driving through forest roads to avoid them is going to be a
   huge challenge, especially if you do it at night.

   Within the first 3 weeks following a disaster, you shouldn't be
   anywhere near the woods, highways or FEMA camps. People are
   going to run around like chickens with their heads cut off, and
   when they see things aren't going back to normal, they're gonna
   take advantage of the situation and do whatever they want… with
   whoever they want.
   migrants on a highway

   Hunger, thirst, looters, other preppers, law enforcement,
   hypothermia, insects and wild animals are just a tiny few of
   the things that await you out there… and will make it hard if
   not impossible to get to your bug out location. And even if you
   do get there, who knows what you'll find… maybe your place has
   already been looted or even occupied.

   And let's not forget that you're not getting any younger…
   you're slowing down, your back and knees hurt, your eyesight is
   not 20/20 anymore, you're accumulating health problems as you
   age. You need security, stability and comfort for you and your
   family and you don't want to completely change your lifestyle
   or move out to the middle of nowhere to feel safe.
   While bugging out is important, it should always be plan B,
   because there's only a handful of emergencies that can force
   you to flee

   Most disasters and catastrophes require you to bug in for at
   least 3 weeks and wait for the dust to settle...

   First, you need a stockpile. A solid stockpile should also
   include water, medicine and tools to fix and maintain your home
   and garden, plus a few must-have items that will be hard to
   come by post-collapse such as canning lids. The good news is,
   they're all dirt-cheap. For now at least, because the prices
   will sky-rocket post-collapse, so the smart and only thing to
   do is to get them while they're still dirt-cheap.

   Next, you need to prepare your home, the fortress that will
   provide food, water and shelter in any disaster. The good news
   you only need to make small changes to drastically improve
   security and the odds of you surviving home invasions... but
   you have to start looking at your home from a tactical
   perspective.

   Last but not least, the 3rd pillar of a solid bug-in plan is
   having renewable food, water and energy, to live
   self-sufficiently for months, years or even your whole life...
   To bug in forever, so to speak.

   All of these sound simple and they are, but bugging in has its
   own set of challenges.
   How to Bug In 3D e-cover
   This product is digital. The image is for information purposes.

   To overcome them, I put together an A to Z home study course
   with easy-to-follow instructions that even a kid can do…
   something to prepare you for the 30+ disasters and emergencies
   that I've identified… I call it:
   "How to bug in forever", by dan f. sullivan

   This is the only survival course filled to the brim with
   actionable advice that you won't find anywhere else. Believe
   me, I checked. My years of experience, learning from dozens of
   world-class preppers, reading military manuals (plus anything I
   could get my hands on) and being part of the prepping
   community… all of these have given me a body of survival
   knowledge that is unmatched.

   To prove it to you, here's just a glimpse of what you can
   discover inside:

   ● How to build a one year stockpile… and fast. I'm talking
   healthy survival food, not the garbage, military MRE or
   “emergency food kits”...

   ● I'm going to reveal my full list of 50+ delicious survival
   superfoods that are jam-packed with vitamins, minerals and
   other nutrients you desperately need not just in survival
   situations, but every single day.

   ● I'm gonna help you sketch your tactical bug-in plans based on
   your unique situation: age, sex, climate, location, square
   footage, family members, medical conditions, pets and so on.

   ● 5 ways to live without a fridge, including the ones used by
   early pioneers. People in other parts of the world came up with
   ingenious ways to keep their foods fresh, and I'm gonna give
   you step-by-step instructions for each.

   ● How to find fresh food and water without risking your life.
   No matter how big a stockpile you have, it will run out at some
   point. I'll show you how to get out there and find more.

   ● Hygiene. This is going to be a HUGE issue. Lack of running
   water, tons of garbage and human waste will cause disease to
   spread like wildfire. I'm going to give you a few crucial ways
   to keep yourself and your family daisy fresh and germ free with
   little or no water.

   ● How to turn your home into a veritable fortress so it
   protects you from natural disasters, home invasions and
   anything in-between. Plus, how to stay protected 24/7 on a
   personal level, whenever you leave your house to go to the flea
   market or at night.

   ● The bulk of the course is where I give you specific,
   actionable “bug-in advice” for each and every disaster that
   could affect you… from Martial Law and social unrest (we've
   seen plenty of that lately) to hurricanes and many, many more.
   I'm also going to cover smaller, personal emergencies that most
   preppers never even consider…

   ● Can you bug in if you live in an apartment? The answer is
   yes, as long as you have a place to bug out to. Everyone thinks
   staying in the city is a bad idea but I beg to disagree. These
   golden nuggets will help you hunker down and survive in an
   apartment building.

   ● The most important survival drills you need to start doing
   today. These protocols are easier than bugging out drills
   because they’re practiced at home.

   ● How to inspect your preps to make sure all your gear works
   and that none of your food has spoiled. This takes about an
   hour and you only need to do it once or twice a year.

   This is by far the most complete survival crash course you will
   find (sorry for bragging), but I didn't stop there. I wanted to
   make you an offer you can't refuse, so I decided to throw in
   these bonuses that I think you'll enjoy.
   VItal Survival Checklist 3d e-cover
   This product is digital. The image is for information purposes.

   Bonus #1 is called Vital Survival Checklists. It's a list of
   lists that will allow you to figure out what's missing from
   your inventory… and fast.

   From your typical bug out bag checklist to home protection and
   stockpile checklists, print them all out and tick the items one
   by one as you handle them. No fluff, just lists of things to
   have or do.
   Getting Home When SHTF 3d e-cover
   This product is digital. The image is for information purposes.

   Bonus #2 will make sure you live long enough to bug in. It's
   likely that you won't be at home when disaster strikes, and
   this could be a problem. How are you gonna get home? What if
   your spouse and kids aren't there, can you go get them real
   quick?

   My Getting Home When SHTF booklet tackles get home scenarios so
   you can quickly and safely bug in with all your family members,
   no matter where you are when it happens.
   Reclaim Your Life After a Disaster 3d e-cover
   This product is digital. The image is for information purposes.

   Bonus #3 is called Reclaim Your Life after a Disaster. From
   hurricane survivors to trained army soldiers in close combat,
   everyone is deeply traumatized by the critical events they
   experience.

   Just imagine what a disaster or a personal emergency can do to
   your family. You need to know how to tackle fear, panic attacks
   and desperation to keep your family together.
   Barter for Your Life ecover
   This product is digital. The image is for information purposes.

   Bonus #4 is titled Barter for Your Life, and it teaches you not
   just how to barter in a post-collapse world, but how to
   negotiate TODAY to get better deals in places such as flea
   markets.

   If you don't know when to bluff, when to leave and how to keep
   quiet when things are getting tense, you might come back to
   your spouse and kids with no supplies... or you might not come
   back at all.
   Dan's Recommendations 3d e-cover
   This product is digital. The image is for information purposes.

   Last but not least, my 5th bonus is a collection of links to
   the best tools and gear you can find on Amazon, the best place
   on Earth to shop for survival gear.

   Dan's Top Recommendations covers everything from the best
   knives and tools you can find on the market to grain grinders,
   flashlights and anything else you may need. All in one place,
   short and to the point, useful for both bug in and bug out
   scenarios.

   The price of all of this? I'd say this is worth at least a
   hundred bucks for the amount and quality of information you
   receive. After all, I spent hundreds of hours making it, not to
   mention production and website costs, and, at the end of the
   day, I'm hoping to save a little for my own stockpile.

   So how does $39 sound?

   Give my course a test drive, measure your progress and, if
   you're not happy with it, you can always get your money back
   within 60 days. You've got 2 whole months to put my advice into
   practice. If, at any time, you feel like this isn't for you,
   send me a quick e-mail and I'll refund you every penny. Though
   I don't get many refunds, I'm prompt in handling them, because
   the last thing I want is an unhappy customer.
   product guarantee

   Will you click the button below to get started, or would you
   rather do this on your own, read thousands of pages of blog
   posts and forum discussions with shallow and conflicting
   information?

   The clock is ticking and one thing's for sure: whatever hits
   you, you cannot postpone it. There's only one way to buy
   yourself more time, and that's to start prepping right now. The
   sooner you start, the sooner you'll be 100% protected. All you
   need is 1 hour / day to put my plan into action and feel safer
   with each day.
   [4]add to cart image
   You will be charged $39 for the How to Bug In Forever Course.
   There will be NO other charges.

   Stay safe,

   Dan F. Sullivan signature

   founder of www.BugInForever.com and editor-in-chief of
   www.SurvivalSullivan.com
   photo of course 3D ebook covers
   These products are digital. The images are for information
   purposes.

   [5]Terms & Conditions | [6]Privacy Policy | [7]Affiliates
   For Product Support, please contact the vendor [8]HERE.
   For Order Support, please contact ClickBank [9]HERE.
   ClickBank is the retailer of products on this site. CLICKBANK®
   is a registered trademark of Click Sales Inc., a Delaware
   corporation located at 1444 S. Entertainment Ave., Suite 410
   Boise, ID 83709, USA and used by permission. ClickBank's role
   as retailer does not constitute an endorsement, approval or
   review of these products or any claim, statement or opinion
   used in promotion of these products.
   The thoughts and opinions expressed here are those of the
   seller(s) alone and do not necessarily reflect the views of
   Click Sales, Inc., its parents, subsidiaries or affiliates. The
   products, information, and other content provided by this
   seller are provided for informational purposes only. In the
   event of any problem with products that customers purchase
   through this seller, customers agree that their sole remedy is
   from the seller, if any, in accordance with any seller
   warranties and/or seller refund policy.
   FTC Legal Disclaimer: Results may vary. The results presented
   in this presentation are NOT typical. For it to work, "Bug In
   Forever" assumes you actually APPLY the things explained in the
   system, otherwise the method will not work for you. Dan F.
   Sullivan is a pen name, it is not the real name of the author
   of this course.

   BACK TO
   VIDEO

References

   Visible links:
   1. https://player.vimeo.com/video/370547853?autoplay=1
   2. https://www.buginforever.com/indexcb1text.php
   3. https://bugin.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=1&25490=36077&cbskin=22442&vtid=t2v1
   4. https://bugin.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=1&25490=36077&cbskin=22442&vtid=t2v1
   5. https://www.buginforever.com/Terms.php
   6. https://www.buginforever.com/Privacy.php
   7. https://www.survivaljv.com/
   8. https://www.buginforever.com/Contact.php
   9. https://www.clkbank.com/#!/

   Hidden links:
  11. file://localhost/tmp/lynxXXXXqhQ08e/L1436173-7786TMP.html
