   background photo

   Prepare to "bug out" in one afternoon

   IFRAME:
   [1]https://player.vimeo.com/video/370552409?autoplay=1&dnt=1

   [2]Click here for the text version

   [3]add to cart button image
   You will be charged $39 for the "How to Bug Out Forever"
   Course. There will be NO other charges.

                        featured media logos

   are you prepared to bug out?

   My name is Dan F. Sullivan, editor-in-chief of
   SurvivalSullivan.com...

   ...and I don’t care if you have a 5-year stockpile, 1,000
   gallons of water or enough guns for a small army... You cannot
   fight floods and hurricanes with bullets, and even the
   strongest house can be destroyed in a heartbeat.

   What you many not realize is that, when SHTF, you’ve got only 2
   options: you either bug in or bug out. Make the wrong one and
   all those months and years you spent prepping your house and
   making a stockpile could be gone in a heartbeat.

   Yes, hunkering down is more likely, but it’s also easier to
   prep for. That’s why people do it. It’s comfortable. You buy
   gear, fortify your home, start a stockpile… It’s “fun”, right?

   Well, the fun stops when disaster strikes and you realize you
   have to GO.

   I don’t care how old you are, whether or not you can drive, I
   don’t even care if you’re in a wheelchair… You can and should
   prepare for an evacuation. Survival isn’t a hobby, it’s primal
   instinct, why would anyone refuse to live?
   metal pot burning on campfire

   To really cover every scenario, you need to be prepared to bug
   out for days, weeks, months or even forever. Expect to never
   come home, expect to live for months on end in the wilderness
   until you find a more permanent place to stay.

   In the above video, I’m going to completely shatter the 3
   biggest myths about bugging out, just to prove to you that many
   of the things you read are GARBAGE… and how applying the wrong
   information can kill you.

   I also want to show you how to prepare for an evacuation in one
   afternoon, whether you live alone or with a large family,
   whether you’re on a farm or in a big city, even if you’re old,
   crippled with arthritis, and even if you’re in a wheelchair.

   I noticed there is no course out there that goes into much
   depth about evacuations and planning, so I decided to do it.
   Not alone, though. I had help from my experts who are better
   preppers than me. I wanted to make the best crash course on
   bugging out anyone ever made… something that everyone, from
   beginner to advanced would swear by it.../p>

   Me and my writers worked our rear ends off to provide you with
   the best of the best survival information you will ever find,
   all wrapped up into a single eBook titled How to Bug Out
   Forever, which will show you how to prep to evacuate in
   step-by-step detail.
   [how_to_bug_out_3d.png]
   This product is digital. The image is for information purposes.
   "How to bug out forever",
   by dan f. sullivan

   This is the only bugging out course filled to the brim with
   actionable advice that you won't find anywhere else.

   We’ll get you ready to survive weeks, months or even years away
   from home WITHOUT BREAKING THE BANK. Let me prove it to you by
   giving you just a taste of what’s inside...

   ● How to set up stellar bug out bags, everyday carry kits and
   get home bags. I’m using a special technique that organizes
   everything into easy-to-access modules. Food, water, shelter,
   fire, hygiene, clothes, flashlights – nothing is left out and
   the best part is, any item can be used for “bug in” scenarios
   as well...

   ● How to make a bugging out plan that actually works. I don’t
   care if you’re prepping alone, if you’re a single mom, or if
   you have a large family... everyone needs a plan, including
   your pet, a plan that will NOT fail you when you need it.

   ● How to avoid roadblocks and the hoards of people flocking
   when SHTF. We made a full list of things that can go wrong when
   you’re bugging out and gave common sense advice to each.

   ● We’re taking things one step further and tell you how to set
   up an INCH (I’m Never Coming Home) Bag that will allow you to
   live in the wilderness forever. You’ll be the best prepper in
   your town, PERIOD.

   ● Our firearms experts will reveal what the best concealed
   carry guns are. You need something that fits inside your BOB,
   is easy to carry and uses ammo that is abundant. Pick any
   handgun from our top 5.

   ● How to prepare your car for an evacuation. Whether you want
   to buy a new one or if you have to do with your current one,
   I’ll show you not just what to fill it with supplies, but how
   to make it unstoppable, even in front of bullets.

   ● A step-by-step walkthrough of what to do when it hits. Plus,
   the 3 things NEVER to do in a bug out.

   ● How to find land for your bug out location: cheap, full of
   natural resources that will allow you to live without outside
   help. Plus, how to protect it from looters when you’re not
   there.

   Really, this is just a taste of what you’re going to get in
   this fluff-free e-course. You now have everything you could
   ever need to bug out, just click the button below to order it
   and start reading it within minutes.

   Now, since I wanted to make this more than just an eBook, I
   also decided to include these bonuses that are 100% free if you
   order today...
   prepping under the radar ebook 3d cover
   This product is digital. The image is for information purposes.

   Bonus #1 is called How to Prep Under the Radar.

   Everything must be done in absolute secrecy. None of your
   neighbors can ever know what you’re up to (unless they’re
   preppers too), so I’m going to give you a list of things you
   can do to that won’t raise any eyebrows.
   dan's recommendations e-booklet 3d cover
   This product is digital. The image is for information purposes.

   Bonus #2 is titled Dan’s Top Recommendations and will tell you
   exactly what some of the best products that you can find
   online.

   No fancy talk, no B.S. I’ll just give you lists of items that
   either me or others preppers are stockpiling.
   SHTF water ebook 3d cover
   This product is digital. The image is for information purposes.

   Bonus #3 simply titled SHTF Water.

   Water is going to be the biggest bugging out problem, because
   there’s only so much you can take with you. Water is too heavy
   and will slow you down considerably… But since the human body
   can only survive for about 3 days without it, this crucial
   bonus will teach you two things:

   #1, how to find water in any scenario, whether you’re stuck
   inside a city or the woods..

   #2, how to purify that water into the crystal-clear, delicious
   liquid of life that will not only quench your thirst, but will
   also give you back your energy to continue to bug out.
   self defense ebook 3d cover
   This product is digital. The image is for information purposes.

   Bonus #4 is called Simple Self-Defense, and was written by
   Heath Brower, an ex-combatives instructor in the U.S. Army, and
   a martial arts expert in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Krav Maga and
   Aikido who’s been doing this since he was 7 years old.

   He’ll teach you everything you need to defend yourself in an
   emergency: situational awareness, attack prevention, basic
   self-defense moves you can practice in your living room and
   what body parts to hit to cause the most damage.

   He’ll also give you a kick-ass list of everyday items that
   double as “part-time” survival weapons. This ebook is as close
   to joining a self-defense class as it gets.
   survival checklists ebook 3d cover
   This product is digital. The image is for information purposes.

   Last but not least, my 5th bonus a list of survival checklists
   that will ensure you don’t miss anything while you’re prepping.

   Having blind spots in your survival plans could mean losing
   your stockpile or your life, so don’t let that happen by
   printing and marking each item in these lists, one by one, as
   you purchase them.

   The Bug Out Forever course and the 5 bonuses have literally
   anything you need to bug out.

   You’re in for a great and easy read, yet you’re probably
   wondering how much it costs. Putting a price on the efforts and
   the experience of me and my writers was not an easy task. If
   you’re wondering why most survival sites (except mine) don’t
   publish daily quality content, it’s because quality content is
   far from cheap.

   though I feel the course is worth at least a couple hundred
   dollars, I can’t ask for over $100 for something that will read
   by thousands of people over the years… At the same time, I
   can’t put the same measly price tag that those booklets on
   Amazon have.

   So I decided to price it in a way that’s more than fair, below
   the $50 mark,
   at a measly $39...

   The good news is, though, that you get an iron-clad 60-day “no
   questions asked” guarantee. If, at any time within 2 months you
   feel that this isn’t for you, simply contact me via email and
   I’ll personally initiate a full refund.
   product guarantee

   So click the button below, enter your credit card or PayPal
   details, go through the checkout process and, you’ll start
   reading within minutes.
   [4]add to cart button image
   You will be charged $39 for the "How to Bug Out Forever"
   Course. There will be NO other charges.

   Stay safe,

   Dan Dullivan's signature

   founder and editor-in-chief of www.SurvivalSullivan.com
   bugging out course and bonuses 3d ebook covers
   These products are digital. The images are for information
   purposes.

   [5]Terms & Conditions | [6]Privacy Policy | [7]Affiliates
   For Product Support, please contact the vendor [8]HERE.
   For Order Support, please contact ClickBank [9]HERE.
   ClickBank is the retailer of products on this site. CLICKBANK®
   is a registered trademark of Click Sales Inc., a Delaware
   corporation located at 1444 S. Entertainment Ave., Suite 410
   Boise, ID 83709, USA and used by permission. ClickBank's role
   as retailer does not constitute an endorsement, approval or
   review of these products or any claim, statement or opinion
   used in promotion of these products.
   The thoughts and opinions expressed here are those of the
   seller(s) alone and do not necessarily reflect the views of
   Click Sales, Inc., its parents, subsidiaries or affiliates. The
   products, information, and other content provided by this
   seller are provided for informational purposes only. In the
   event of any problem with products that customers purchase
   through this seller, customers agree that their sole remedy is
   from the seller, if any, in accordance with any seller
   warranties and/or seller refund policy.
   FTC Legal Disclaimer: Results may vary. The results presented
   in this presentation are NOT typical. For it to work, we assume
   you actually APPLY the things we teach you, otherwise the
   method will not work for you. Dan F. Sullivan is a pen name.

   BACK TO
   VIDEO

References

   Visible links:
   1. https://player.vimeo.com/video/370552409?autoplay=1&dnt=1
   2. https://www.bugoutforever.com/indexcb1text.php
   3. https://bugoutfrvr.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=bugoutfull&cbfid=29341&cbskin=23482&vtid=t1v1
   4. https://bugoutfrvr.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=bugoutfull&cbfid=29341&cbskin=23482&vtid=t1v1
   5. https://www.bugoutforever.com/Terms.php
   6. https://www.bugoutforever.com/Privacy.php
   7. https://www.survivaljv.com/
   8. https://www.bugoutforever.com/Contact.php
   9. https://www.clkbank.com/#!/

   Hidden links:
  11. file://localhost/tmp/lynxXXXXUYOXDd/L1436021-5120TMP.html
