   By continuing to browse our site you agree to our use of
   cookies. More information about [1]cookies. (BUTTON) I Agree
   x

   High Output Pocket Farm “Generates” Food
   In The Middle Of A Desert War Zone

   Alec Deacon

Hi, my name is Alec Deacon.

   And I almost got "lynched" for providing for my family and my
   community...

I almost got "lynched"… for food!

   The terrifying screams of my wife and daughter woke me up to my
   worst nightmare. My family running scared down the stairs in
   the dead of night, not knowing what happened… tripping over our
   daughter's toys through the thick smoke, crawling, trying to
   find the door.

   Our beautiful house and our beloved, hard-worked farm were
   turning into ashes right before my eyes.
   House Fire

   And they didn't take anything. They just wanted to see our farm
   that we relied upon for our survival burn to the ground.

   How did that happen?

How did we end up getting "burned at the stake" for growing our own
food?

   And that experience forced me to look for an alternative
   on-demand food source. Something that I could use day in and
   out, something small but hyper-productive that would turn acres
   of greenhouses and seedling farmland into an almost invisible
   "food generator" without putting my family in danger ever
   again.

   And I've found it!

   An amazing invention that the people of Gaza, living in the
   middle of a war zone, use to provide an abundance of fresh and
   healthy food for their families in one of the most arid places
   on Earth.
   Gaza

   So stick with me for the next five minutes, and I'll show you
   how they speed-grow vast amounts of healthy, high-calorie
   foods, with no actual backbreaking work, in the middle of the
   desert, where they can't dig wells for irrigation or get water
   through pipes.

   HINT: It's like a pocket-sized "Garden of Eden."

   But before we get into that, I want you to know why my farm and
   my house got burned down, why it happened to me, and why, in a
   way, it might happen to you too.

So what I'm about to tell you right now, you might find DISTURBING:

   My fellow patriot, the events that are about to unravel are
   about to turn your life upside down in the coming months.

   The media is not saying a word because it would generate mass
   hysteria and chaos. But the REAL truth I'm about to expose will
   make even the most tough-minded patriot's blood boil.

   I'll reveal how a devastating "once in a thousand years"
   event... along with corporate greed and corruption… are setting
   the stage for a social and economic "time bomb" that will
   detonate right in the middle of the U.S...

   ... I'll reveal how the impending collapse of the U.S. food
   supply system will steal the food from your kids' tables...
   leaving them hungry and helpless and forcing them to scavenge
   for scraps...

   ... and I'll explain what you must do today to ensure that you
   and your family not only survive... but thrive in the upcoming
   turmoil that's about to hit.

   So stick with me until the end of this very short presentation
   (that won't be up for long)...

And I'll give you a weird but insanely effective way to build a
super-nutritious "food force field" around your loved ones and your
community...

   ...that the government and food monopolies simply CAN NOT steal
   from you.

   Like I said... my name is Alec Deacon. You may know me from my
   website Survivopedia.com. I'm a writer and an editor there.
   Alec Deacon 2

   People usually seek my advice because I specialize in urban and
   wilderness survival for over 20 years... and because I'm almost
   religious about my right to be independent... and to be able to
   feed and protect myself and my family.

   That's why I've made it my life's purpose to help everyone I
   can, giving them practical, safe guidance that would actually
   make a difference in survival scenarios… and to expose the
   hidden dangers that threaten our rights... and our very
   existence.

   But even more important... I'm a proud father and husband.

   I live on a small farm in Coralville, Iowa, with my wife and
   our 9-year-old daughter. And we're self-sufficient people. We
   grow our own food and built our own house.

   Four years ago, we had a big, beautiful, rich garden filled
   with everything a family of three would need for a full year of
   healthy meals.
   Tomato
   Lilly

   But when the drought hit, it took everything from us. Every
   seedling, every plant, and every root dried. It got so bad that
   even our small livestock started to die.
   Dried 1
   Dried 2

   We lost everything... And when winter came, it even got to a
   point where I had to go and forage or hunt just to put food on
   the table.

   I realized that I needed a greenhouse to preserve the little
   water we had on our land so we could still grow our own food.
   So I talked to my wife, and we got a loan from the bank and we
   built our own greenhouse.

   And it was great. We could grow everything sooner, faster, and
   better.
   GreenHouse
   GreenHose vertical

   It got so good, actually, that we even managed to open up a
   small farm shop in our garage to provide our local community
   with healthy, organic, GMO-free food...
   Store
   Store vertical

   But little did we know that...

Our small community shop would eventually bring us the "wrong kind of
attention"...

   Two months after we'd opened, I got an unexpected visit from
   the local landowner, asking me if I was interested in selling
   my shop and my farm. I was actually a bit proud to hear his
   offer, but I told him my property was not for sale. He smiled,
   said, "have a good day," and left. And I didn't think much of
   it…

   Until I woke up later that night to my wife and daughter
   screaming in terror...

   I couldn't make sense of what was going on. It was pitch black,
   and it felt hot... suffocating... like I was in an oven… And
   the smell… I'll never forget that smell… heavy… toxic… metallic
   even… and then I saw a flicker out the window.

The house was on fire.

   House Fire 2

   I grabbed Lilly from her bed, took my wife by the hand, and
   rushed downstairs. The smoke was so thick we had to crawl on
   the living room floor to get to the door. I reached up to the
   door handle, and with my last breath, I opened it and literally
   threw my wife and Lilly out.

   And then it all went dark. The last thing I remember was seeing
   four men with gasoline cans and torches in our greenhouse
   yelling, "Burn it! Burn it to the ground!"

   I woke up in an ambulance, getting rushed to the E.R., with my
   wife and daughter standing next to me, holding my hand.

   And I'll never forget what my sweet Lilly said...

"Mommy, is daddy going to die? Are the bad men following us?"

   Hearing that… crushed my soul…

   When we got to the hospital, the doctors told me it was nothing
   short of a miracle that I was still alive.

   My wife had dragged me out of the house right before it was too
   late. I suffered severe carbon monoxide poisoning.

   After I came back from the hospital, I just wasn't myself… I
   couldn't believe anyone would do such a thing... It's the stuff
   I'd expect to see in movies… not in my own house.

   And we were lucky even to have a house. A neighbor had seen the
   flames and called 911 just in time. We had to rebuild the roof
   and most of the south wall.
   Burnt
   Burnt Vertical

We were lucky. Lucky to be alive.

   But even though I was thankful that my family and I were alive,
   I was so angry. I felt this choking cloak of anger clouding my
   judgment.

   Why did this happen? What have we done to deserve being burned
   alive like heretics in the middle ages? For what?

   And the one simple and rotten answer is… MONEY.
   Money 2

   The big corporations are desperate for power. They know what's
   coming, and they have to be at the top of the literal "food
   chain" when it happens. My small shop, my beautiful greenhouse,
   my small business… That's something that they cannot have out
   in the open.

   That idea of being self-sufficient… being out of their control,
   out of their dirty reach, that gets other people thinking as
   well. And soon enough, they might be looking at a food
   revolution.

   I refused to sell, and because they can't control what they
   don't own, they've burned everything to the ground...

   And that's what's happening to every little mom&pop farm and
   every little shop trying to make an honest living, providing
   their loved ones and their communities with real, healthy,
   GMO-free food. They're forced to either close, sell… or worse.

   I'd witnessed first hand what they're capable of...

So I knew I had to find an alternative to conventional food sources.

   Something that would put food on the table, "on demand," for my
   family and me, without the the logistic nightmare and costs of
   stockpiling or building a new greenhouse that would put my
   family in danger again.

   It had to be something super productive, but at the same time
   small enough to be invisible even to the trained eye… something
   that would work both outside and inside the comfort of our
   home, and something even portable… if God forbid, we had to bug
   out and leave everything behind to save our lives.

   Now… having specialized in wilderness survival for over 20
   years and being self-sufficient for over half that time, I have
   come across a few designs and working principles on "small
   footprint, high output" farming concepts. But it wasn't
   something that I was really familiar with. I knew how to grow a
   good garden, raise chickens, forage, and even hunt if needed.
   But what I wanted for myself and my family was simply above my
   level of knowledge.

   So I reached out to my contacts in the survival and off-grid
   community, looking for answers on how I could achieve my goal
   and why we got burned down in the first place.

And what I found out SHOCKED me.

   I learned about the three terrifying signs that a cataclysmic
   collapse will happen sometime in the next 18 months or less.

   Signs that veteran off-griders, survival masters, financial
   experts, and even investment bankers call…

"The Three Horsemen of the Food Apocalypse"…

   …because they bring with them a deadly social and economic
   crisis... with immediate effects on your ability to feed your
   family.

   And if you don't act fast, if you don't act now, you're going
   to miss your chance to become self-sufficient and independent,
   a chance to make your family "recession-proof" and "disaster
   proof" while the unprepared "zombies" will be starving and
   killing each other over a loaf of rotten bread.

The first horseman is DROUGHT.

   Drought

   NASA has scientific proof that we're facing a drought that's
   going to last 100 years. A 100 years MEGADROUGHT that's going
   to affect us in every aspect of life, no matter where we live.
   NASA

   The bad news is, it's already here. The Megadrought has already
   begun. And the past 15 years are just the tip of the iceberg. A
   tiny peek of what's about to unravel.

   This is the reason why NASA's using expensive satellites to
   study water, both above and below ground.

   Take Lake Mead, for example... The largest water reservoir in
   the U.S. now sinks to a record low. It reached its lowest level
   since the lake was first filled out in 1930.
   Mead
   Mead Vertical

   And that's not all... there are plenty of lakes in California
   just vanishing because of the high demand from households and
   parched farmers.

   What's even more frightening is…

There's water disappearing all throughout the North American
continent, not just here in the U.S.

   The Canadian Lake Superior, the world's largest freshwater
   lake, has dropped to its lowest level in 81 years.
   Canadian
   Canadian Vertical

   But what most people don't know is that…

It's going to get a lot worse...

   As the New York Times reports: on the 5th assessment of the
   Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, they mentioned: "in
   each of the next 80 years America is expected to see less and
   less rainfall than in 2004, for instance, when the drought
   started."
   NYT

   We're turning into a desert, and thousands of crops are
   disappearing all throughout the country.
   Crops

   The result will be famine and death. People will fight over a
   sip of water just to stay alive... And because most of our
   crops will be gone, we'll have to fight over scraps so we don't
   starve.

And that's when the second horseman will show its face: GREED.

   Greed

   We've already seen this ten years ago… Just as the drought was
   starting, causing soy, corn, and meat prices to soar 10%, in
   July 2012, the Government turned on the printing machine and
   dumped two trillion dollars in the laps of the biggest banks...
   through "quantitative easing."

   The official story was that all this money should have gone
   back into the economy... to help small businesses and people
   like you and me.

   Yet greedy banks invested this money into food commodities like
   corn and soy because they're way more profitable... so when
   they went out and bought hundreds of millions of dollars worth
   of food, the global market took a double punch.

And the result was a mass genocide that would make Hitler and Stalin
envious:

   The criminal speculation in commodity prices caused them to
   soar even higher... causing food inflation and mass starvation.
   Inflation

   And that's exactly what we're seeing right now. But it's not
   2012 anymore… Banks and greedy monopolist corporations are not
   just buying millions of dollars worth of food; skyrocketing
   prices again… No… they've ramped up their greed. This time,
   they're also investing in genetically modified foods… GMOs.
   GMO

   The cover story is they're looking for a way to get the highest
   possible yields from drought-beaten, underperforming crops. It
   might have started that way before the big monopolies pushed
   their way in. Now it's all about power and money. Whoever has
   the best performing seed controls the market, the price, and
   the buyer.

   And that buyer is you and me!

That's why my house and farm got torched.

   Because I wasn't there in line, buying THEIR food, THEIR GMOs,
   and THEIR filth! Because I'm trying to provide my family and my
   community with good, healthy, un-monopolized real food. And
   that's something they cannot have.

   Sure, corrupt politicians will swear on the Bible that that's
   not true, and that there's no food inflation... while at the
   same time mortgaging our children's future. But inflation is
   everywhere.

   The drought has already ramped up, we're coming out of the
   biggest pandemic of the last 100 years, and combined with the
   current global economic and political climate, with everything
   going on in Europe adding to a massive spike in gas and energy
   prices, plus the highest inflation in the past 50 years, all on
   top of an Eastern European grain and fertilizer supply crisis…
   We're looking at a 300% inflation rate for every food item we
   find in supermarkets within the next 12 months.

   And that's when the real nightmare starts to unfold, because
   that's when…

…The 3rd horseman starts galloping towards the U.S, and his name is
"WAR."

   War

   And more specifically for you and me, it's a 'food war'... and
   it's hitting right in the heart of America.

   For the first time in almost a century, America is on the edge
   of a full-blown social and economic collapse. One that will
   make the Great Depression feel like a rehearsal.

   People no longer see the food lines, but they're longer than
   ever. Right now, over 40 million Americans are living on food
   stamps... enough to create a 25-thousand-mile food line that
   would surround the Equator, and 20 million of them are
   children. What do you think people will do... when their
   children look at them with big, sad, teary eyes... saying,
   "Daddy, I'm hungry?"

   You've seen how they handled things during the pandemic... all
   it takes is a few lockdowns of key sectors, and the entire U.S.
   food supply system freezes.
   Supermarket

   What's really frightening is... the U.S. doesn't even have to
   be a warzone for you to be unable to feed your family. If
   trucks can't haul food across America... or if panicked mobs
   loot the superstores in your area...

…Your family is left at the mercy of an incompetent government.

   And FEMA won't be able to help you... because they can't even
   help themselves!
   Fema

   Having no food turns you into a beast. Ever tried skipping
   three meals or more? It messes with your head. And you'll have
   to beg, borrow or steal just to feed your children. During the
   Great Depression, many children were forced to work on "labor
   farms" for a hot meal. Wives abandoned their husbands, hoping
   they would be better on their own. Thousands of families fell
   apart... because they lost all hope of surviving together.

Yet when food is abundant... you have unlimited options.

   In a crisis situation, there's almost nothing that food can't
   pay for. Car broke down, and you need a new battery? Food can
   get you a brand new one from someone desperate. Need someone to
   chop wood? In a depression, there will be plenty of people
   willing to work for a meal.

   When the unthinkable happens... roles in society are reversed.
   Being able to read fancy spreadsheets might be useful today...
   but in a crashing society, it will put you at the bottom of the
   food chain. Adaptability, strength, and the ability to feed
   yourself and others - that's what makes you a true leader.

I, for one... decided to put my family first...

   …to protect my loved ones and our independence no matter what.

   I couldn't rely on supermarkets, and neither should any
   American. Hunting, fishing, or foraging might also sound like a
   good idea until 500 desperate hunters are shooting at the same
   deer.

   I can't even rely on my land for feeding my family because
   they'd probably burn us down again, and my sweet Lilly still
   has nightmares from the first time it happened.

   So what can we do?

   Thankfully,

My friends that I reached out to from the international survival
community told me about a hidden gemstone.

   An innovative and rather weird technique called "aquaponics"
   that the people of Gaza were using in an arid warzone. Among
   falling missiles and mortars, those people are using this
   method to feed their families... even if they have no water, no
   money, no fertile soils, no space to grow food, and no time to
   do it either.
   Gaza

   I realized that if these people are using it at wartime... it
   would be the perfect source of food during an extended crisis.

   I was intrigued by this aquaponics story... so I asked my
   friends if they could help me with more information.

   The answer came from 8,000 miles away, from arid Australia. It
   was an aquaponics success story that blew me away. Battling
   record-setting temperatures and severe water restrictions, this
   guy had created his own little backyard pocket farm... spending
   20 times less money than on a traditional garden of the same
   yield. From a tiny 300 sq ft backyard, every single month, he
   was getting around 80 lbs of juicy tomatoes...15 lbs of bell
   peppers...60 lbs of delicious zucchini... 60 lbs of
   cucumbers... not to mention onions, beets, radishes, spinach,
   and even some carrots.

   And, on top of that, he was getting about 700 lbs of fish every
   single year!

This amazing setup was exactly what I needed.

   It completely eliminated the hassle of spending a small fortune
   and hours on end of backbreaking work, thousands of gallons of
   water for watering the garden, and the dangers of making myself
   visible to the "food grid."

   This sounded too good to be true. The catch?

   The whole system had cost him $6,000... That was way too much
   for what I had in mind. But I knew I was onto something... and
   a crazy idea started growing in the back of my mind: I wanted
   to find a way to build this for under $1000... and to help my
   local community and as many people as I could to become
   self-sufficient and prepared for anything.

Eventually, I found an unbelievably easy way to make your own
aquaponics…

   …that costs three times less than what I was hoping for. But
   before I get to that, let me explain what aquaponics is all
   about.

   In simple words... an aquaponics system is a pocket-sized
   garden of Eden... where fish and plants sustain each other in
   an almost perfect balance. The plants purify the water for the
   fish... while the fish do all the hard work for you,
   fertilizing the plants with their waste. You get tasty fish and
   juicy vegetables... almost without lifting a finger.

   Aquaponics is a happy "marriage" between the soil-less practice
   of "hydroponics" and fish farming.

   You may have heard of hydroponics. It requires very little
   space and gives high yields throughout the year...

And even NASA is using it in space.

   Nasa Plants

   Yet it's also complicated to set up... requires a lot of
   water... and the nitrogen-rich plant food can be very
   expensive.

   Fish farming, on the other hand, gives all the protein you need
   to survive... that you simply can't get from tomatoes or
   broccoli. But it's also impractical and dirty. It creates a lot
   of waste that's toxic to the fish. And filtering that waste can
   get really expensive... really fast.

   Aquaponics gets the best from hydroponics and fish farming...
   with none of the drawbacks. The ammonia-rich fish waste is
   turned into the perfect plant food... while, in turn, the
   plants purify the water for the fish. It's win-win-win... for
   the plants, the fish, but mostly for you, because there's
   check mark

   no watering required
   check mark

   no fertilizing
   check mark

   no bending
   check mark

   and actually, no real work

   Learning about aquaponics got me really excited but also a
   little frustrated. It seemed that all the stuff I could find on
   the internet was either confusing or downright worthless. The
   books I read lacked essential details or were too academic and
   complex. And the people I talked to were just weekend
   enthusiasts who couldn't help me with my goal.

But I kept hearing stories about a professor who knew a way to make
aquaponics systems...

   Just as good as the retail ones... for only a few hundred
   bucks.

   His name was Nate Storey - a very unusual Ph.D. and part-time
   inventor... whose main specialty and passion was designing
   high-density "vertical aquaponics" systems.

   After a few minutes with him on the phone... I instantly knew I
   was talking to one of the most knowledgeable experts on Earth
   in aquaponics.

   I paid Nate for his time and asked him whether he could help me
   build a simple, inexpensive yet powerful high output aquaponics
   system with long-term self-sufficiency and survival in mind.

   He agreed, and we got to work.

And six hours later, I had it:
My own pocket farm…

   …or the "food generator" as my wife likes to call it.
   Device

   It cost me a little over $400 ($402.15 to be more precise), but
   it was all worth it because it was simply amazing.

   I'd been gardening for over 10 years, and I'd never seen plants
   grow so fast. I was in awe! I knew then and there that my
   family would never go hungry, no matter what's heading our way…
   And I knew that we'd be safe, growing our own food, without
   ever worrying about being "burned to the stake" for wanting to
   give our daughter the safety and comfort every child deserves.

   After I got my first batch of juicy, flavored, and healthy
   vegetables and my first fish fillet, I called all my friends
   and neighbors in the community to share with them this amazing
   marvel.

   And they were stunned.

They just couldn't believe something this small could produce so much
food that fast.

   I probably spent the next three months helping each and every
   one of them to make their own miniature hyper-productive farm.
   And each and every time, I got to witness the avalanche of
   comfort that takes over people when they realize they won't
   ever have to worry about their families and loved ones
   suffering from hunger, even in the direst situations.

   And the results kept coming. More and more people wanted my
   help in building this amazing system. It actually got to a
   point where I was away so much that it started to affect my
   marriage.

   So, me and my wife sat down and talked, and she came up with
   this great idea... she thought I should make some kind of
   step-by-step tutorial so people could put together their own
   "Pocket Farm."

   So I went back to Nate and told him about it. I told him this
   time I didn't want any academic mumbo-jumbo... this had to be
   so simple…

My 9-year-old daughter would be able to build it.

   We brainstormed together on what would make the ultimate "high
   output aquaponics" blueprint for the absolute beginner with
   zero DIY experience.

   I provided the survival and preparedness knowledge... while
   Nate brought his 10 years of aquaponics research... and the
   result was nothing short of amazing: a simple, step-by-step
   video "blueprint" that anyone can use to make their own
   aquaponics system the lazy way.

   And Nate did a lot more than that. He managed to cut the
   building costs by half. So our total costs: just $190... which
   included $40 for a pair of extra hands and $75 on a part that
   we could have probably gotten for free.

   We packaged that material into the first ever program on
   "self-sufficient" aquaponics and we called it…

"The Pocket Farm - The Smart, Easy Way to Food Independence."

   Pocket Farm

   After we finished it, I showed it to a very small, select group
   of my best friends and colleagues from the survival community.

   And here's what Mac Slavo, the owner of SHTFplan.com, had to
   say:

   "This is hands down, the most easy-to-use Aquaponics
   instructional guide I've ever seen. When we talk about
   preparedness, food sustainability is at the top of the list,
   and with Pocket Farm, you get just that. It's a complete
   homegrown system that will ensure your family's safety in the
   event of long-term interruptions to our food supply."

The Pocket Farm is the only proven-to-work A to Z blueprint on how to
survive America's upcoming "food war."

   And the easiest step-by-step video guide that anyone can use to
   build their own "high-output food generator," no matter if you
   have no money to spend on a ridiculous off-the-shelf $10k
   device.

   I put together these simple instructions so you can provide
   fresh, healthy, and tasty meals for your family no matter
   what's heading our way.

   No matter if you don't have the time or patience to go through
   trials and errors… no matter if you've never built anything
   before (not even a set of LEGOs)... no matter if you've never
   done any gardening in your entire life.

   Look: when I discovered aquaponics, I knew that I had found a
   gold mine. The benefits are nothing short of amazing.

You hardly need any water:

   WaterX

   With the current drought setting in and with water restrictions
   going from local to nationwide... whatever water you have will
   go towards quenching your family's thirst.

   The "Pocket Farm" aquaponics system uses less than 10% of the
   water used in conventional gardening because all the water is
   recycled between the fish tank and the growing beds... so you
   never lose water to soil absorption... only through
   evaporation. That also means you'll recoup your investment fast
   because you no longer have to pay for water... especially if
   you live in a dry area.

   It's probably the only way to grow food in colder areas like
   New England... in the middle of winter. In fact, we shot the
   video in January, and you can still see the snow! Unlike
   regular gardening, with aquaponics, you'll still have plenty of
   food in the cold months!

   Aquaponics also only requires about 10% of the space you need
   for gardening. Palestinians are actually doing aquaponics on
   rooftops... so you don't even need a backyard! Heck, you can
   even put one on your balcony or in your basement! Using less
   space means that it's easier to protect from looters... and
   also easier to keep it a secret!

Plus: there's no fertilization required.

   FertilizerX

   Just feed the fish... and the fish will fertilize the plants.
   When all you do is feed the fish for 2 minutes, and harvest
   vegetables for another 3... this gives you crucial time to do
   more essential things in a crisis. While others will be busy
   dumpster diving for food... your "miniature food factory" takes
   care of itself. You'll have more time to protect your family...
   to learn a valuable skill you can barter with... or to be the
   "James T. Kirk" of your community.

There's no bending or backbreaking work required.

   Back Work X
   Back Work Vertical

   Instead, you grow your vegetables in soil-free, raised growing
   beds... so if you suffer from a bad back, you don't have to
   worry about straining it at the worst of times.

   And now, you, too, can join in on this life-saving system.

So I promise you this:

   If you can push "play" and watch a short video ONCE... you have
   all you need to make your own "pocket-sized Garden of Eden"...
   and have an endless source of food no matter what's heading our
   way.

   If spending thousands of dollars on toxic supermarket GMOs,
   they sell for food is not your idea of a good family meal...

   ... if you want to be "food independent"... and to put healthy,
   nutritious food on your table even in a disaster situation...

   … if you want to stop filling Big Food's slimy pockets with
   your blood, sweat, and tears…

   ... and if you've ever wanted a fun, simple way to build a
   virtually unlimited long-term safety net for you and your
   family... almost on auto-pilot... with only 5 minutes a day of
   easy "maintenance"...

   ... then this is it:

The "Pocket Farm" system is THE solution if you want your family to
be healthy, safe, and self-sufficient.

   Pocket Farm

   A disaster-proof, recession-proof, drought-proof year-round
   "pocket-sized garden"... that will give you all the high
   protein, vitamin-rich food you and your family will need in the
   disaster that's looming over our heads.

   It's a step-by-step, newbie-friendly program that will take you
   by the hand... and put fresh food on your table in as little as
   two weeks... so you can slash your grocery bill almost
   immediately, all from the comfort and safety of your home.

   But most of all, it will give you the peace of mind that comes
   from knowing that, should a disaster strike...

Your family won't be at the mercy of others!

   The "Pocket Farm" program is jam-packed with all the knowledge
   you need to have super-success with aquaponics - not in years
   of trial & error, but in as little as two weeks!

   It took Nate Storey 10 years to refine his method… Sweat and
   literally tears to see it finally work. But in the program,
   we're giving you our fool-proof shortcuts, so you don't have to
   make the same rookie mistakes all over again.

   Aquaponics can be super-easy... and almost "hands-free"... but
   only when you have the whole recipe, and not just bits and
   pieces.

   I'll show you the perfect alternative to a $4000 fish tank. At
   $75, this is the most expensive part of the system... but
   sometimes it's even free to collect!

   I'll also show you how to grow big, juicy tomatoes that would
   make your neighbors envious. And wait until they see your
   radishes, broccoli, or even carrots! Lots of folks are saying
   that you can't grow carrots with aquaponics, but we'll show you
   a simple technique that lets you grow almost everything you
   want!

And since my friends took up aquaponics, they slashed their grocery
bill by more than $180 a week.

   Bill

   Some people don't pay a dime on groceries anymore! That's
   thousands of dollars in yearly savings that you can enjoy
   starting with your first crop! And that's at the current
   inflation rate. You can probably triple that in a year.

   You don't even need a backyard... I'll show you how to grow on
   a rooftop, in a garage, or even in a basement. Heck, you can
   even grow strawberries in winter... with a special technique
   I'll share with you.

   You'll discover three sturdy species of fish that you don't
   have to babysit... and a popular one that can get you into
   trouble with the law.

   You'll get simple, step-by-step written instructions, but the
   best part is the video section of the program... because you'll
   see every little detail, every single step... on your screen...
   and you can replay it as often as you want.

   But you won't have to. This is so easy, I guarantee that all
   you have to do is watch the video ONCE... and you'll know how
   to make your Pocket Farm system. No fancy jargon, no academic
   lingo, no technical mumbo jumbo that will take an engineering
   degree to understand.

   One frequent comment that I'm getting is...

   "Alec, this sounds too good to be true. Will I be able to build
   this, even if I'm 70 and not very handy with tools?"

   The answer is…

Making a Pocket Farm system is simple, quick, and easy.

   Sure, there's some cutting to do... and you might want to have
   someone help you fill the growing beds. When we shot the video,
   we got lazy and paid someone $40 to give us a hand. Fact is,
   you DON'T have to build this yourself if you don't want to. But
   if you choose to do it, it will be the most exciting 2 hours
   you've had in years! Your kids are going to love helping you
   build it... but also feeding... and catching the fish!

"Pocket Farm" is THE solution if you want to be food self-sufficient.

   It's an A to Z, step-by-step, "take you by the hand" video
   guide and blueprint for having healthy fish and fresh
   vegetables in just 5 minutes a day.

   But even though we've tried to make the program as complete as
   possible... I know that there will always be more questions.

   That's why with the program, you also get unlimited email
   access where you get to ask Nate and me just about everything
   related to the Pocket Farm.

Oh, and there's more.

   If you order the "Pocket Farm" program today, you'll also get a
   few exclusive bonuses that will later be off the table if you
   put this off:

   First, you'll get
   "How to Build a Water Biofilter."
   Bonus 1

   Digital Product. Image for visualization purpose only.

   First, you'll get
   "How to Build a Water Biofilter."

   This is a special report that puts "Pocket Farm" on overdrive
   and turns it into a backup source of fresh drinking water for
   any emergency! With this special filtration system, your family
   will have hundreds of gallons of fresh drinking water at their
   disposal... so they'll never be thirsty in a crisis
   situation... and you won't have to worry about storage.

   Second, you'll get
   "Surviving an Economic Collapse,"

   Second, you'll get
   "Surviving an Economic Collapse,"

   It’s a special report that will teach you real-life survival
   lessons from recent events, like the collapse of the Venezuelan
   bolivar or the social and economic meltdown in Bosnia after the
   '90s war. You'll learn how to barter with desperate people...
   what to do when hospitals are closed... what the best currency
   is when money isn't worth the paper it's printed on... and a
   lot more.
   Bonus 2

   Digital Product. Image for visualization purpose only.

   And third, you will get
   "27 Items You Need to Hoard Before a Crisis”.
   Bonus 3

   Digital Product. Image for visualization purpose only.

   And third, you will get
   "27 Items You Need to Hoard Before a Crisis”.

   Most people get this wrong and stock on the wrong items. Yet
   minutes after a disaster, stores get looted by desperate mobs,
   and you're left fighting over scraps. This special report lists
   the absolute essentials... that even hardcore preppers
   sometimes miss... and you'll get it for free when you test the
   Pocket Farm program.

   But before I tell you how you can do that... let me ask you a
   question: How much is it worth it to you to see your family
   healthy, happy, and well fed through everything that's headed
   our way... and to know they don't have to go through the agony
   of starvation like everyone else?

   If this program helps you put food on your kids' table when the
   world outside is on fire... if it finally gives you the peace
   of mind you deserve... knowing that whatever happens, you and
   your family will always have a healthy, hot meal, without ever
   worrying that the fridge will "run out"...

How much would that be worth?

   You could try buying an entry-level aquaponics system from a
   retailer. That would cost you anywhere between $4,000 and
   $9,000 plus shipping... and even then, you'd still have to put
   it together yourself.

   Or you could buy some of that expensive, unhealthy slime they
   sell for food down at the supermarket and stock up on that. But
   you know as well as I do that won't last forever… and it will
   probably do more harm than good.

   You could also start growing a conventional garden. But that
   requires a lot of space, water, and backbreaking work, and
   "they" can take it away from you in a blink of an eye while
   you're just staring at them helplessly (I know I have).

   The costliest of them all, though, is to do nothing. And I
   don't want to scare you or anything... but the truth is, most
   people will just sit on their couches and watch what the
   corporate media shills decide to broadcast as "the reality,
   "... and when the coming collapse happens...

   They'll be just as surprised as they were on 9/11.

   The possibilities once you absorb the "Pocket Farm" program are
   endless because there's no guru out there who's willing to
   "open up the dojo" and share their secrets the way we did it.

   The "Pocket Farm" program will show you how to get your own
   high-output aquaponics system for just $190 and get fresh,
   healthy, organic food on the table in as little as two weeks.

Start saving thousands of dollars on groceries every year and put
that money into something more useful.

   Take your family on a well-deserved vacation, or just enjoy
   life the way you want to.

   We could easily take this material, turn it into an exclusive
   weekend seminar, and charge $1000 a seat. With so many rich
   preppers and bio-enthusiasts out there, I know it would be a
   no-brainer for many.

   But frankly, I'm a bit tired of seeing these rich guys on T.V.
   with their million-dollar ranches and off-grid systems. They've
   already got more toys than they need.

"Pocket Farm" was born from the idea that "food independence" should
be something everyone can afford..

   Because the more self-reliant families there will be in
   America... the easier it's going to be to rebuild it to what it
   once was.

   So I'm not going to ask you to invest $1000 in this training
   even though I know it's worth at least that. It won't cost you
   $500, either.

   Heck, it won't even cost you $247, even though my wife tells me
   that should be the absolute minimum I should offer this
   training for because it's so valuable. No. I decided to do
   something that might sound a bit crazy.

   I'm going to set the price of "Pocket Farm" at just $67.

   But as long as this presentation is up - I'll let you have the
   complete program for just $39 today.

   OUR BEST SELLER
   OrderNow
   [2]OrderNow

   But the only way to secure your spot in the program is to click
   the "Buy Now" button now.

   I can't guarantee that I can keep this price for longer,
   especially since we're giving 12 months of unlimited email
   support... so don't get mad if you come here in a few days and
   see that the price has gone back up.

   And really... the price doesn't even matter.

   That's because you're covered by...

Alec Deacon's Ironclad "No Questions Asked Money Back Guarantee"!

   60days

   Here's how this works:

   Just say "maybe" to the "Pocket Farm" program. If you have ever
   watched a short video and followed simple instructions, then
   you already have all you need to know to have an endless supply
   of high-calorie, nutritious, healthy food for your family.

   Now, this type of guarantee is completely unheard of, and some
   might even say unusual... Yet I really want you to take your
   time and really use the Pocket Farm at your own pace... Without
   the pressure to make a haste decision if this is truly right
   for you or not.

   That's why I'm going to toss the industry standard 30-day
   money-back guarantee in the trash.

   Heck, I'm going to even kick a 60-day guarantee to the curb...

   Because today when you order the Pocket Farm blueprints and
   video guide, I want you to take up to one full year, 365 days
   to try it out, when you want to, at your own pace with
   absolutely no pressure!

   And today or even 12 months from now, if you decide this isn't
   the greatest investment you've made... I'll refund every penny
   and even thank you personally just for giving it a fair shake!

It will be hard to find a better proposition than this.

   So just to recap, you'll get the "Pocket Farm" step-by-step
   video guide, blueprints, and written course, plus all 3
   bonuses. "How to Build a Water Biofilter," "How to Survive an
   Economic Collapse," and "27 Items to Hoard Before a Crisis".

   Normally you'd have to pay $196 to get all of them. However,
   today you'll be able to get all of them for a one-time only
   special offer for just $39.

   OUR BEST SELLER
   OrderNow
   [3]OrderNow

   Now… In this presentation, you've seen how the scorching
   drought and "military operations" killed food production in
   most "granaries of the world" - including Ukraine, Russia,
   China, India, and especially the USA.

   And how food prices are taking a double whammy - when greedy
   investment banks and food monopolies are dumping trillions of
   dollars into already-expensive commodities and GMO r&d.

   I showed you how - like clockwork - every time the global food
   price index hits the magic number, mass riots happen all over
   the world. And how, for the first time in centuries, a
   100-year-long "megadrought" is making a mass-scale U.S. crisis
   not only possible... but also very likely.

   And I've shown you why the Pocket Farm step-by-step video guide
   and blueprint is THE best way to take towards securing an
   endless supply of clean, fresh, healthy, organic food… being
   prepared for that disaster that's looming over our heads each
   and every day.

   Now, the ball is in your court.

   Because this presentation is almost over… and this website may
   not be up when you return...

The way I see it, you have three options:

   The first one is to do like most people: take no action, do
   nothing. And hope that nothing bad will happen.

   I would lie if I didn't tell you that I wish you were right. If
   I'm nothing but a tin foil hat "chicken little"... if it
   suddenly starts raining all over the world... if banks start
   caring for the hungry nations... if the FED stops printing
   money like a madman... I would be happy to have been wrong.

   But deep down, you know that that's not going to happen… The 16
   trillion dollar debt, the 41 million food-stamp receivers, the
   aging population, the depletion of all our natural resources…
   All signs are pointing at something big happening.

   Of course, there's a second path - and that is to do it all by
   yourself.

   Well... consider this: It took Nate Storey 10 years of hard
   work to get to the point where he can explain it all in just 30
   minutes. I spent thousands of dollars on conventional gardening
   and greenhouses, only to be taken away from me in a blink of an
   eye.

   Or you can get the "Pocket Farm" special program right now.
   It's the only proven-to-work material out there.

   If you want your family to be secure and healthy, to have all
   the food they need, get the "Pocket Farm" system right now.
   When others will kill for a loaf of bread, your family will
   have enough to cook hot meals and enjoy a nice cozy movie like
   it's a Friday night.

This is about your family… its comfort, and its safety.

   So, wouldn't you trade 2 hours and a risk-free deal for the
   chance to live a worry-free life?

   It's your decision, but I think you already know what needs to
   be done..

   Remember, you're getting all my hard-learned lessons in a
   beginner-friendly "Pocket Farm" package, plus my three special
   reports, along with unlimited access via email for LIFE..

   All this without risking a dime..

   So, go ahead and click the "Buy Now" button below.

   OUR BEST SELLER
   OrderNow
   [4]OrderNow

   I'll be waiting for you with a special message in the "member's
   area" and with another bonus that's too hot to mention here.

FAQ

   Let me answer a few common questions about the Pocket Farm

(BUTTON)

""If Pocket Farm works so well, why aren't more people using it?"

   There are plenty of reasons for that. First, it's the price of
   retail aquaponics systems. At $6000 or more, not many people
   can afford it. Second, it's the fear factor. Most people think
   this is too complex to build. They are partly right because
   most books and courses overcomplicate it. The fact is,
   aquaponics is easy when you have the proper blueprint.

(BUTTON)

"How hard will this be to make?"

   This is so simple and easy to build, you'll kick yourself for
   not taking up aquaponics earlier. The whole thing takes 2
   hours, doesn't require strength, and the most difficult task
   you'll do is just a bit of cutting. That's all, and really
   there's no excuse for not giving it a try. In fact, if you
   don't want to lift a finger, you can still do this. Just pay
   someone $50 to watch the short video and to put together the
   system for you. It's more fun than LEGOs... and many of our
   clients are saying that their children love it.

(BUTTON)

"How long will this take?"

   It will take you a little over 30 minutes to watch the video.
   And that's it. Building the system takes under 2 hours if
   you're slow. A lot less if someone's helping you.

(BUTTON)

"But what about the savings?"

   We created Pocket Farm mainly with self-sufficiency, healthy
   meals, and survival in mind, and as far as we know, it's the
   first training program of its kind. But the beauty of it is,
   you start saving money the second you harvest your first crop.
   It all depends on what you decide to grow, but you could save
   thousands of dollars every year.

(BUTTON)

"I don't have a lot of space. Will this work for me?"

   Not only will it work for you... but it's probably the best
   kind of "square foot gardening" you could hope for. That's
   because you can make use of any space - not just a backyard but
   also a room in your house, a basement, or even a rooftop.

(BUTTON)

"I live in a cold state. Will this work for me?"

   It definitely will. Nate Storey lives in Wyoming... and you'll
   notice in the video that he started the aquaponics system in
   winter, with plenty of snow in the background. In the training,
   we'll show you how to weatherproof the system, and we'll
   explain in detail the most inexpensive and efficient greenhouse
   for this... as well as how to properly use the system during
   winter time.

(BUTTON)

"Can I feed an entire family with this?"

   We don't suggest that you rely on any ONE particular source of
   food because if that source is gone, your family is exposed.
   That being said, the Pocket Farm can definitely feed an entire
   family and more. Lots of people are doing commercial
   aquaponics, which means they're actually selling the excess at
   a profit. The Pocket Farm system can be scaled to give you as
   much food as you want, and adding new modules is easy as pie
   once you understand the simple principles behind how aquaponics
   works.

(BUTTON)

"Is this really risk-free?"

   Yes! As I said, you're covered by my 12 months "no questions
   asked" money-back guarantee.
   60days

   If, for any reason, you want to return the program, you have
   365 full days to do so.

   No hassles, no gimmicks, no hard feelings.

That's why it's crucial that if you decide to try Pocket Farm, you do
it fast.

   So why not do it now?

   Spending 30 minutes watching a simple video… for a lifetime of
   savings and safety.

   So, go on, click on the "Order Now" button below, and let the
   Pocket Farm system give you the peace of mind you deserve.

   Thank you for watching this presentation. I'm Alec Deacon.
   Alec3

   OUR BEST SELLER
   OrderNow
   [5]OrderNow

   [6]Disclaimer [7]Privacy [8]Terms and Conditions [9]Returns and
   Refunds Policy [10]Do Not Sell My Info [11]Contact
   [12]Affiliates

   Copyright © 2026 Backyardliberty.org

   Disclaimer: The thoughts and opinions expressed here are those
   of the seller(s) alone and do not necessarily reflect the views
   of Click Sales, Inc., its parents, subsidiaries or affiliates.
   The products, information, and other content provided by this
   seller are provided for informational purposes only. In the
   event of any problem with products that customers purchase
   through this seller, customers agree that their sole remedy is
   from the seller, if any, in accordance with any seller
   warranties and/or seller refund policy.
   ClickBank is the retailer of products on this site. CLICKBANK®
   is a registered trademark of Click Sales Inc., a Delaware
   corporation located at 1444 S. Entertainment Ave., Suite 410
   Boise, ID 83709, USA and used by permission. ClickBank's role
   as retailer does not constitute an endorsement, approval or
   review of these products or any claim, statement or opinion
   used in promotion of these products.
   CLICKBANK AND ALL OF ITS AGENTS AND EMPLOYEES (THE "CLICKBANK
   PARTIES") DISCLAIM ALL LIABILITY FOR THE ACCURACY OR
   COMPLETENESS OF THE PROMOTIONAL GUIDELINES, AND DISCLAIM ALL
   WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. THE CLICKBANK PARTIES FURTHER
   DISCLAIM ALL LIABILITY FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING,
   WITHOUT LIMITATION, DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, OR
   CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES) ARISING OUT OF THE USE, INABILITY TO
   USE, OR THE RESULTS OF USE OF THE PROMOTIONAL GUIDELINES, ANY
   REFERENCES USED IN THE PROMOTIONAL GUIDELINES, OR THE
   MATERIALS, INFORMATION, OR PROCEDURES CONTAINED IN THE
   PROMOTIONAL GUIDELINES. PLEASE READ THE CLICKBANK CLIENT
   CONTRACT AND ALL ACCOMPANYING CLICKBANK POLICIES TO ENSURE YOUR
   COMPLIANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE POLICIES, RULES AND REGULATIONS.
   IT IS YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO ENSURE THAT YOU ARE IN COMPLIANCE
   WITH THE CLICKBANK CLIENT CONTRACT, ALL CLICKBANK POLICIES AND
   ALL APPLICABLE RULES AND REGULATIONS.
   Alex Deacon is a pen name

References

   1. https://www.backyardliberty.org/statics/privacy.php
   2. https://byliberty.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=17&cbfid=58363&template=base_of&vtid=tsl_digital&tkn=dHJraWQufHNwbGl0Lnx0di58dC58Y3AufGNwdC58Y3AxLnxjcDIufGNwMy58Y3A0LnxjcDUufHByYy58Y3QufGN0MS58Y3QyLnx0ZzEufHRnMi58dGczLnx0ZzQufHRnNS58bGlkLnxtLnxoYXNoLjk5ZWUyYTI1MGViZWM1NTQ0MDFiMzU4NGY4YmYwYjU&REF=
   3. https://byliberty.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=17&cbfid=58363&template=base_of&vtid=tsl_digital&tkn=dHJraWQufHNwbGl0Lnx0di58dC58Y3AufGNwdC58Y3AxLnxjcDIufGNwMy58Y3A0LnxjcDUufHByYy58Y3QufGN0MS58Y3QyLnx0ZzEufHRnMi58dGczLnx0ZzQufHRnNS58bGlkLnxtLnxoYXNoLjk5ZWUyYTI1MGViZWM1NTQ0MDFiMzU4NGY4YmYwYjU&REF=
   4. https://byliberty.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=17&cbfid=58363&template=base_of&vtid=tsl_digital&tkn=dHJraWQufHNwbGl0Lnx0di58dC58Y3AufGNwdC58Y3AxLnxjcDIufGNwMy58Y3A0LnxjcDUufHByYy58Y3QufGN0MS58Y3QyLnx0ZzEufHRnMi58dGczLnx0ZzQufHRnNS58bGlkLnxtLnxoYXNoLjk5ZWUyYTI1MGViZWM1NTQ0MDFiMzU4NGY4YmYwYjU&REF=
   5. https://byliberty.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=17&cbfid=58363&template=base_of&vtid=tsl_digital&tkn=dHJraWQufHNwbGl0Lnx0di58dC58Y3AufGNwdC58Y3AxLnxjcDIufGNwMy58Y3A0LnxjcDUufHByYy58Y3QufGN0MS58Y3QyLnx0ZzEufHRnMi58dGczLnx0ZzQufHRnNS58bGlkLnxtLnxoYXNoLjk5ZWUyYTI1MGViZWM1NTQ0MDFiMzU4NGY4YmYwYjU&REF=
   6. https://www.backyardliberty.org/statics/disclaimer.php
   7. https://www.backyardliberty.org/statics/privacy.php
   8. https://www.backyardliberty.org/statics/termsandconditions.php
   9. https://www.backyardliberty.org/statics/returnsandrefundspolicy.php
  10. https://www.survivopedia.com/ccpa/
  11. https://www.backyardliberty.org/statics/contact.php
  12. https://www.backyardliberty.org/affiliates/index.php
