Why President Trump demands we bring supplies of drugs "home, where
they belong."

"The Great Healthcare Reset"

Discover the global conspiracy to snatch essential drugs from hard
working patriots...and ship them to America's greatest enemies. And
what you must do now to survive a world without medications.

   "I'm sorry. But the medication you ordered is out of stock. And
   it looks like we won't be getting more any time soon."

   It's 9:25 am on a Monday.

   You make this trip to your pharmacy every month.

   But this time, something feels different.

   You feel a cold fear deep in the pit of your stomach when you
   hear your pharmacist's words.

   You ask her if you can get your prescription filled anywhere
   else. You're more than happy to drive as far as it takes.

   But she says no.

   Apparently, the shortage isn't just limited to your pharmacy.

   At this point, your mind begins to race.

   You look over to the next counter, and you see a mother holding
   the hand of her 9 year old daughter.

   She's clearly in distress as she yells at the cashier.

   "What are you going to do about this?" She pleads. "My daughter
   needs her insulin to live. She can't miss a single dose!"

   This makes you think about your family.

   You were here to pick up medication for their chronic illnesses
   too.

   Seeing that your pharmacy can do nothing to help you...

   You drive home quietly wondering what could possibly be going
   on.

   What you don't know yet is that this is part of something
   bigger than you realize.

   This is the first time The Great Healthcare Reset has
   personally affected you. But it won't be the last.

   Once you're home, you inform your family that you had to come
   back empty handed.

   You notice a look of pure panic in their eyes. But you promise
   them that this is only temporary and that they'll have their
   medication in no time.

   The problem is, you don't believe this yourself.

   When you turn on the news, your heart drops when you see the
   headline.

   Your pharmacist was right.

The medication shortage is an urgent issue of national importance

   Every major news channel is reporting on it.

   As you flip through channels, you see stories of families
   desperately begging for life saving medications.

   You see doctors pleading to the government to do something. To
   do anything.

   But the people in office have practically thrown their hands in
   the air.

   They're saying this is beyond their control.

   And they're not sure when things will go back to normal.

   It could be weeks - or even months from now

   At this point, your fear turns into anger.

   You realize that if our healthcare system is already on the
   brink of collapse of collapse because of the current drug
   shortages...

   It's only going to take one disaster to bring the whole thing
   down.

   Whether that's another catastrophic hurricane, an EMP attack
   from one of our enemies or an economic crisis.

   How would your family survive something like this?

   You wonder if the people sitting in their fancy offices even
   realize how many people are going to suffer because they can't
   be bothered to do their job?

   How many families are going to lose their loved ones in the
   coming weeks and months?

   And most of all, you ask yourself...

   How did we even get here?

   What could have possibly gone wrong that an entire nation is
   left without medication to keep them alive?

   And what can I do right now to keep my family safe and healthy
   through a shortage that could last anywhere between 3 months or
   even 3 years?
   David Miller Picture

   Hi, I'm David Miller. Please hold this startling image in your
   head for a moment...

   It's important to know 2 things.

   #1 What you're about to see isn't some sci - fi script.

   Believe me, I don't take these predictions lightly -- and I
   have no interest in trying to scare you.

   I'm simply following my research to its logical conclusion.

   #2. I'm not some wacko conspiracy theorist that lacks proof.

   In my hand, I hold a document that was signed on the, by the
   greatest pharmaceutical company in the world.

   And backed up by global elites including Bill Gates and Joe
   Biden.

   What's inside this document is going to go down as one of the
   most pivotal moments in US history.

   Because it's going to cause the downfall of the modern
   healthcare system.

   This is The Great Healthcare Reset.

   And I guarantee you:

You won't hear about this evil plan anywhere in the mainstream media

   No one is going to warn you about how bad the consequences of
   this plan will be.

   No one will tell you you'll be left empty handed with no access
   to something as basic as healthcare.

   No one will tell you you'll have to watch your family suffer in
   sickness while your hands are tied.

   The only thing they will tell you after it's all gone south?

   That this is being done for the greater good of society by a
   group of global elites that meet every year to decide YOUR
   future...

   Including Joe Biden, Hillary Clinton and Bill Gates.

   This is The Great Healthcare Reset...

   And it's going to change the American way of life forever.

   In the next 30 seconds, I'm going to reveal all the nitty
   gritty details of this secret plan hatched by global elites to
   strip hard working Americans off their right to medication.

   I'll show you exactly who's behind this.

   And how they plan to profit from your pain.

   Today, by discovering this page, you're among a tiny fraction
   of Americans who have been fortunate enough to be warned.

   That means you still have time to prepare BEFORE the situation
   I layed out above becomes your reality.

   Before the thoughtless decision of these global elites leaves
   you and your family struggling to survive without medication.

   But you have to remember...

The window to prepare for the great healthcare reset is closing soon

   Think about it.

   YOU are the only one your family is counting on.

   YOU are the one they'll look to for answers if anything goes
   wrong.

   I'm talking about when someone in your family comes down with a
   nasty infection and antibiotics are nowhere to be found.

   Or when they suddenly can't find drugs that they've been
   relying on for their chronic illnesses.

   Or when they suffer from broken bones, burns or any other
   emergency situation, and all hospitals are closed or filled
   with patients.

   Do you really want to have to look your family in the eye and
   say...

   "There's nothing we can do... we'll just have to hope the
   government gets us the supplies we need?"

   By taking a few simple steps today, you won't have to explain
   this to your family.

   Instead, you'll be the person your entire neighborhood looks up
   to for help.

   Because in this short presentation, I'm going to show you
   exactly what you need to do to prepare for the upcoming
   healthcare collapse.

   Including the top 3 medications that are already on the brink
   of disappearing.

   And scientifically proven alternatives you can use instead.

   Make no mistake.

   No one knows that these shortages are a planned "reset" by
   global elites.

   In fact, ask anyone what they think is the cause of the
   increasing shortages today and they'll tell you it's just
   normal supply chain issues.

   Because that's what THEY want you to believe.

   It took me and my team months of research to uncover who's
   really behind all this.

   And now, the window to prepare yourself is closing fast because
   the shortages are growing by the day.

   In fact, they may have already hit your area by the time you
   see this.

   I'm going to hand you everything you need to protect yourself.

   My only request to you is to treat this as an emergency and
   take action now.

   Because of the powerful names I'm calling out, I may be forced
   to take this page down anytime.

   And when that happens, I'll have no way to help you.

   So I urge you to keep reading now.

Hi, I'm David Miller From Survivopedia.Com - One Of The Leading
Survival Websites On The Internet...

   Odds are, you don't know about us. Many people don't.

   Because of the nature of our discussions, and our
   'controversial' opinions, we try our best to stay under the
   radar.

   But if they shut us down for telling the truth, then so be it.

   Over the years, I've heard it all. That I'm a conspiracy
   theorist, a tinfoil hat, crazy prepper - you name it.

   But I learned to shut down the noise.

   Because I know our research has helped hundreds of thousands of
   people across the country. And that's the only thing that
   really matters.

   When we published Backyard Liberty and showed people how to
   prepare for a food crisis, more than 140,000 Americans heeded
   our calls.

   Even more were interested in our EMP preparedness course.

   We help patriots prepare for unlikely but devastating events.

   And this time, it's more personal than ever.

   Because I know that if I don't prepare myself now...

   My family will be the first to suffer.

   Both my wife and I have chronic illnesses and need our
   medications to survive.

   Until now, I didn't know there was a way for us to live without
   them.

   But with the Great Healthcare Reset in full swing...

   I knew I had to find a way. There was really no other choice.
   It was a do or die situation.

   Today, I have an answer to any health issue my family and I
   might face.

   In fact, in a few minutes I'm going to share what you can use
   to prepare yourself against the top 3 drug shortages today too.

   I only discovered all this because when I realized the severity
   of this threat, I spent months holed up in my office
   researching this novel threat. And what I discovered shocked me
   to the core:

Smoking Gun Proof That The Great Healthcare Reset Is Already
Underway...

   See, every year, the world's most influential world leaders fly
   down to a tiny Swiss mountain town called Davos in their
   private jets.

   This includes people like Biden, Hillary Clinton, Bill Gates,
   George Soros and more.

   To do what, you ask?

   They come together to make decisions about YOUR future.

   This is the annual Davos meeting.

   And sooner or later, everything they decide here turns into
   your reality.

   Because together, these people are even more powerful than any
   government.

   In fact, you might not realize it, but every major change
   starts from a deliberate plan at these secret meetings.

   This is how they're slowly gaining more and more control over
   our lives everyday.

   Take the second amendment, for example.

   In 2016, they decided they wanted to take away your gun rights.

   And I don't have to tell you what has happened since.

   Everyday, you hear about a new regulation.

   Anyone who wants to buy a gun now has to go through a long and
   tiring background check and even take classes to prove they can
   handle a firearm.

   Not to mention how expensive it's gotten to buy guns even if
   you somehow manage to jump through all the hoops.

   Or take the energy crisis we're facing today.

   For years, they've been pushing for a move to end 'global
   warming'.

   And now, we're facing the biggest energy crisis the world has
   ever seen.

   One look at the gas prices today tells you all you need to
   know.

   These are just 2 tiny examples that show you how every aspect
   of our life is controlled by them.

   But what they've been cooking up since their 2020 Davos meeting
   is scarier than anything we've ever seen before.

   They're calling it The Great Reset.

   You might have heard of their tagline.
   World Economic Forum, Man Smiling, Title: You'll own nothing
   And you'll be happy World Economic Forum, New York sky
   scrappers, Cars on the street, People walking, Title: The US
   won't be the world's leading superpower

   This threatens to completely change the American way of life.

   They want to take control of everything and leave you with no
   freedom.

   They're aiming for a world where there's no privacy.

   Where they can track every single move anyone makes. Including
   where people go, what they say and even what medication they
   take.

   It's a world where no one truly owns anything.

   Everything has to be 'borrowed' from global elites - and puts
   money in their pockets.

   And this is just scratching the surface of what's about to
   come.

   The bottomline is this:

   The American way of life is about to change forever.

   And it's on YOU to be prepared. For the sake of yourself - and
   your family.

   Now, I may not have answers for everything.

   But I do know this.

   The most dangerous change that we're dealing with because of
   this plan is what's happening in the healthcare system.

   You see, on May 25th, 2022 at the latest Davos meeting, they
   went into detail about the one decision that poses...

An Urgent Threat To The Health And Wellbeing Of Every American

   Including you and I.

   I'm talking about The Great Healthcare Reset.

   Take a look at this document.
   Phizer Launchaes 'An Accord for a Healthier World' to Improve
   Health Equity for 1.2 Billion People Living in 45 Lower-Income
   Countries

   The CEO of Pfizer, the greatest pharmaceutical company in the
   world, announced that they're going to provide medications at
   cost to 1.2 billion people in 45 countries.

   And other pharma companies are going to be following suit.

   Now, this might sound like a worthy cause.

   But where is the money coming from?

   Who is footing the bill for 1.2 billion people?

   The simple answer is: YOU ARE.

   The price of medication is already skyrocketing - and the extra
   money you're paying is being used to cover the cost of drugs
   for other countries.

   Including America's greatest enemies like the Taliban, and even
   North Koreans!

   That means not only are you paying a ridiculous amount for
   healthcare...

   You're actually doing it for people who never worked hard for
   it!

   What's even worse is...

   Because pharma companies have no way to ramp up production
   quickly...

   They're going to be sending over your stock of medication to
   these countries.

   Leaving Americans with no way to access the medication they
   need to survive.

   If this sounds eerily familiar, that's because it is.

   Let me remind you of another healthcare plan that was
   apparently for 'the good of the people'. Just like this one.

   I'm talking about Obamacare.

   Where hundreds of thousands of taxpaying Americans like you
   were forced to foot the healthcare bill for people who never
   contributed anything.

   This plan follows the same footsteps.

   Except, it's no longer limited to just America.

   It's on a global scale.

   For 45 countries.

   And 1.2 billion people.

   Including America's greatest enemies.

   This is The Great Healthcare Reset.

   Let's take a trip down memory lane and see what went down after
   Obamacare was signed.

   First, take a look at this chart:
   Chart for drug shortages per number of cases

   See the green line sharply going up in 2010?

   That shows you the average total drug shortages.

   And it's been going up since the same year Obamacare was
   signed.

   In fact, drug shortages actually tripled in just 3 years.

   This happened because supply couldn't keep up with the
   increased demand for drugs.

   Resulting in thousands of hardworking Americans who actually
   paid their own way were left without the medication they needed
   to survive.

   That's not all that went wrong with Obamacare.

   Drug prices also rose three times faster than inflation over
   the last decade.
   Chart for drug prices per year

   That means more and more families are struggling to pay for
   medications that they need to survive. Despite having
   insurance.

   Imagine not being able to afford your kids insulin even after
   you've slogged away at work your entire life.

   That's what thousands of American families faced thanks to
   Obamacare.

   Now, remember, with Obamacare we were just footing the bill for
   a fraction of Americans.

   A total of 31 million people.

   But with The Great Healthcare Reset?

   We're talking about 1.2 BILLION people.

That's 38x As Many People That Need To Be Paid For Out Of Your Pocket

   And the effects are going to be that much more catastrophic.

   I'm talking about a total collapse of the healthcare system as
   we know it.

   Now, at this point, you might be wondering why you haven't
   heard of The Great Healthcare Reset yet.

   Well, the reason is simple.

   It's because we're all being lied to by the mainstream media so
   no one realizes what's going on until it's too late.

   And by then, the people behind this are already lining up their
   pockets!

   How are they doing this?

   First, by telling you that the drug shortages you're
   experiencing are 'normal'.

   They want you to blame regular supply chain issues. Or the
   lockdowns in China.

   They want you to believe that everything will go back to normal
   soon.

   But now that you've seen proof about the Great Healthcare
   Reset, remember, none of this is an 'accident'.

   It's all part of a well thought out plan by global elites.

   The second thing they want you to believe is that they're doing
   this for the greater good.

   Pfizer's move is already being hailed as a wonderful, honest
   initiative by leftist media.

   But what the innocent left doesn't realize is...

Global Elites Are Only Doing This To Profit From Your Pain

   You see, the pandemic opened their eyes to a whole new business
   opportunity.

   By sending vaccines and medication to poorer countries and
   letting America foot the bill in the name of 'charity'...

   Both Pfizer and Moderna were minting $1,000 in PROFIT every
   second.

   That means by the time you finish reading this, they would have
   made another 4.8 billion.

   In fact, their businesses literally doubled in just 1 year
   after remaining stagnant for a decade.

   Now, think about it.

   Why would they give up monstrous profits like these?

   They'd be absolutely insane to do that!

   That's why they're expanding this so-called 'initiative' to
   include 45 countries and 1.2 billion people now.

   So, what does all this mean for you?

   Well, first of all, prices are going to skyrocket.

   This might mean you can't afford the already exorbitantly
   priced medications even if your life depends on it.

   In fact, you might have to pick and choose which medications
   you can afford to buy this month ... and hope for the best!

   While other countries who haven't worked as hard can enjoy the
   fruits of your labor.

   And soon, you'll feel lucky if you even find these medications
   in stock.

   In fact, you might be scrambling to pick them up first no
   matter what price they're listed at.

   That's not all.

   Considering there's no way pharma companies can ramp up
   production so quickly, they're going to send a bulk of US
   supply to other countries.

   Which means you'll soon be left staring at empty shelves in
   your pharmacy.

   And no one's going to be there to help you.

   Now, if you're still not sure how urgent this threat is...

   Think about the fact that life saving medication is already in
   a major shortage.

   In fact, as you can see on this article by Fox News...

The FDA Just Released A List Of 111 Drugs That Are On The Brink Of
Disappearing

   Supply chain issues impacting pharmacies: What to know

   Cancer patients in particular are the worst hit right now.

   Thousands of Americans are having to give up on treatment
   because they can't find the drugs they need.

   And as you've just seen, things are only going to go downhill
   from here.

   What's worse is, if any other survival situation takes place...

   Which is more than likely considering we're living in a time
   when war is normal, our economy is on the brink of collapse and
   we're seeing a steep rise in the sheer number of natural
   disasters...

   We're going to be left completely helpless with no way to find
   the medication we need.

   Which brings us back to our research.

   What do you think is going to happen once our society discovers
   that medications are no longer around?

   Do you think they're going to sit quietly and wait for the
   government to take care of it?

   Of course not!

   We're talking about the same people who went crazy over toilet
   paper!

   It won't be a surprise to see pharmacies being looted and
   medication being sold illegally at 10x the price as chaos
   unfolds across the nation.

   And the actual loss we're going to face because of this is
   something I don't even want to get into.

   As someone who relies on his daily medication just to
   survive...

   And has a family who trusts him to take care of them...

   I'd hate to be caught unprepared when this situation unfolds.

   So...

I Made It My Mission To Find A Solution To The Drug Shortages...

   For the sake of myself... and my family.

   But also for the hundreds of thousands of readers who count on
   us to help them prepare for survival scenarios.

   At first, I considered stockpiling the medication we rely on
   daily.

   But it's practically impossible to get enough supply of
   prescription meds that would last us through the Great
   Healthcare Reset.

   Plus, I'd only be able to stockpile medication I know we need.

   What about emergencies?

   What if one of us catches a nasty bug? Or comes down with
   something new?

   There's no way I could gather enough medication to prepare for
   that.

   People also suggested I stock up on fish antibiotics.

   But the reality is, fish antibiotics are NOT made for human
   consumption.

   And I'd hate to deal with the consequences of using animal
   medication at a time where we can't access healthcare.

   Plus, there are a growing number of deadly bacteria that have
   become resistant to antibiotics.

   They're known as 'superbugs' - and traditional medication has
   no solution for them.

   No amount of stockpiled antibiotics... fish or human... can
   help us against them.

   Fortunately, in a few minutes, you're going to see the only
   thing that's effective against these superbugs too.

   Now, as I was diving deeper and deeper into a rabbit hole
   trying to find a solution to The Great Healthcare Reset...

   I made countless calls to family and friends who are experts in
   the healthcare field...

   I spent weeks reading every research paper I could find...

   I even went to every health conference near me.

   But I didn't get the answers I was looking for anywhere.

   In fact, I'd almost given up on finding an answer to the
   critical prescription drug shortage.

   Around the same time, I was waking up with intense, throbbing
   migraines every single day.

   And no matter what I tried, the pain just wouldn't go away.

   I was at dinner at my sister's place one night when I was hit
   with a particularly bad one.

   I had to ask her if I could go lie down for a bit right in the
   middle of dinner. I felt so embarrassed about that.

   That's when my sister suggested that I go see a friend of hers.
   Dr. John Herzog Picture

   Dr. John Herzog - an osteopath.

   That didn't make any sense to me because I thought osteopaths
   only deal with bones and muscles.

   How would he know what to do about my strange, unexplained
   headaches?!

   But because my sister was adamant. So I took her word for it
   and gave him a call.

   To my surprise, instead of prescribing a dose of painkillers
   like every other doctor...

Dr. Herzog Gave Me A Solution I'd Never Even Heard Of

   I decided to try it out - and I can't tell you how much better
   I felt!

   Within a few days, I was waking up fresh and excited every
   morning.

   I could research on my laptop for HOURS straight without so
   much as feeling a tinge of pain. Earlier, I had to limit my
   screentime to prevent flare ups and it was seriously affecting
   my work!

   Best of all, I was able to go out and be fully present with my
   family now that I wasn't in constant pain.

   The next time I saw Dr. Herzog, I asked him

   "How did you know how to cure chronic migraines as an
   osteopath?!"

   What he said next made me realize he wasn't just the right
   person to talk to about ALL my health issues...

   He was also the right person to talk to about the drug
   shortage.

   Dr. Herzog explained to me that I was surprised because I knew
   that most doctors are specialists.

   That means they're trained to deal with only a narrow set of
   issues.

   Take ophthalmologists, for example. They only treat eye
   conditions. Or dermatologists - who only treat skin issues.

   Osteopathic surgeons, on the other hand, are trained to deal
   with ANY health situation that might arise in an emergency.

   Whether that's contagious infections, deadly injuries or even
   delivering babies!

   That means they don't just have to be a master of not just one
   area of health.

   They have to be a master of all of them.

   When he explained this to me, I realized that osteopathic
   surgeons are the only type of doctor we can rely on in a
   survival scenario.

   They're the only people who would have an answer no matter what
   the situation is.

   And Dr. Herzog wasn't just any osteopath.

   He was a board certified osteopathic surgeon.

   That's the highest level of accreditation given to anyone.

   I didn't realize it at that moment, but this one encounter was
   about to completely change my life.

   See, I was afraid of sharing my concerns around The Great
   Healthcare Reset with anyone.

   Because I felt like they'd think I didn't have enough evidence.

   But when I showed Dr. Derzog the research I'd been doing on the
   Great Healthcare Reset at my company...

   I was shocked to hear that he hadn't just been doing this
   research himself...

He Was Also Already Seeing The Effects Of The Drug Shortage At His
Practice

   That's why he's been prescribing alternative solutions to his
   patients - just like he did for my migraines.

   What shocked me even more is...

   The solutions he was prescribing weren't just effective for
   things like migraines.

   He was using it for everything from health issues like food
   poisoning, and deadly infections...

   To chronic problems like diabetes, arthritis and even heart
   disease!

   I couldn't believe that I'd never heard about this before.

   So I had to ask Dr. Herzog how he learnt all this.

   He told me it all started when he was 50.

   At the time, he was already suffering from a cocktail of health
   issues including high blood pressure, cholesterol and diabetes.

   On top of that, he was also 50 pounds overweight!

   That meant his days started and ended with taking his daily
   medication - 1 for each health issue.

   Missing just one dose could end up being life threatening for
   him.

   And like that wasn't enough...

   One day, he took a trip to a lake with his family that changed
   the course of his entire life.

   Because it ended with him being a patient in the same hospital
   he was supposed to be doing surgery in!

   See, while he was driving to the lake, he hit a moose with his
   car.

   And ended up sustaining a head injury.

   Now, head injuries are notorious for causing deadly seizures.

   So the doctors had to put Dr. Herzog on anti-seizure
   medication.

   They could also see that this was a man who loved working and
   staying active...

   And finding himself in a helpless situation like this was
   taking a toll on his mental health.

   In fact, Dr. Herzog hadn't been sleeping at all since coming to
   the hospital.

   All this was only making his condition worse.

   So the doctors put him on sleeping pills - and on
   antidepressants.

   On top of that, he was already taking medication for his
   chronic health issues - high blood pressure, cholesterol and
   diabetes.

   That meant, suddenly, Dr. Herzog found himself on 6 different
   medications at 50 years old just to survive!

   He prided himself on being self-sufficient... and just the
   thought of being dependent on anything... even on medication...
   sent shivers down his spine!

   When he got out of the hospital...

   He made it his life's mission to get himself OFF these
   medications.

   See, what I didn't know about Dr. Herzog when I first met him
   is that we had a lot more in common than I realized.

   It turned out he spent the bulk of his free time preparing
   himself and his family for survival scenarios too.

   In fact, he even maintains his own stockpile of items that he
   believes he can trade for food for the rest of his life.

   But the one thing he knew he wouldn't be able to access in any
   survival scenario - no matter what he was ready to trade for it
   - was medication.

   That's why the last thing he wanted was to be dependent on
   them.

   So he dedicated his life to discovering alternatives to
   traditional medication.

   He read scientific studies on everything...

   And even tested them out on himself.

   Today, he's living proof that his methods work.

   Because at 63, he's healthier than he's ever been.

   He doesn't rely on a single medication - despite where he
   started from.

   In fact, Dr. Herzog is living a more active and fulfilling
   lifestyle today than he could ever imagine in his earlier
   years.

   He's even fit enough to be a windsurfer and a cyclist!

   When he finished telling me his story...

   I explained to him that I'd spent months looking for an answer
   to the upcoming drug shortages...

   And he was the only one that had it.

   I had to know how he went from taking 6 pills a day to taking
   none!

   That's when he revealed the only thing that has the power to
   save us all when the modern healthcare system collapses.

The Answer Is... Survival Home Remedies

   He used scientifically proven herbs...

   The same kind that grow in any average American backyard right
   now...

   To manage illnesses that previously required him to take half a
   dozen pills!

   Once he'd achieved this for himself...

   Dr. Herzog's next goal was to compile survival home remedies
   for the most common health issues.

   He knew we were headed for a total collapse of the healthcare
   system.

   And he wanted the world to be prepared to go back to our old
   way of doing things:

   Surviving using home remedies..

   So he began compiling a list of scientifically-proven herbal
   remedies.

   His criteria was simple.

   #1. The remedies must be PROVEN to work.

   As a doctor himself, he was rigorous with his research. He
   wouldn't dare recommend anything that wasn't proven to work.

   In fact, he was stunned to see how many so-called 'plant
   healers' recommended completely ineffective remedies.

   What's worse is, some of these remedies weren't just
   ineffective, they were also incredibly dangerous.

   Take comfrey for example which has a well-deserved reputation
   for healing injured tissues such as bruises, wounds and
   inflammation.

   You might even find comfrey being sold at your local coffee
   shops.

   But what most people don't know is, comfrey comes with the risk
   of severe liver damage.

   This is just 1 example of how using remedies recommended from
   unreliable sources can seriously harm you.

   That's why when Dr. Herzog began collecting his remedies, he
   researched each of them thoroughly.

   There's nothing inside his collection that he wouldn't
   personally use.

   #2. The second criteria Dr. Herzog had was that they must be
   useful in a long-term SURVIVAL scenario.

   That means anyone can access them in a true survival situation.

   Whether that's an economic collapse, another pandemic or an EMP
   attack.

   See, there are books out there that recommend herbal remedies.

   The problem is...

   All their solutions are completely impractical!

   In fact, most of the herbs they recommended don't even grow
   here in America.

   They're ancient Chinese or Indian herbs that were native to
   their location.

   How's that supposed to help anyone?

   That's why Dr. Herzog focused on finding real practical
   solutions - some of which you might find growing in your
   backyard right now!

   Plus, he even compiled several options for each health issue.

   So if you're having trouble finding one, you have another five
   options to try out.

   Once he was done with his research...

   He compiled everything he found in a 400 page war chest of
   herbal remedies.

This Is The ONLY Collection Of Survival Home Remedies Written By A
Doctor

   And today, it's our only ammunition against the drug shortages.

   When I told Dr. Herzog this, he agreed to give me a copy.

   His only condition was that I share it with as many people as
   possible.

   See, this war chest of survival home remedies is his life's
   work.

   He spent a decade researching and testing everything inside.

   So he wanted to make sure we used it to save as many lives as
   possible.

   Of course, I agreed.

   And he happily handed me a copy.

   And once I had a look inside, I was shocked.

   I found survival home remedies for the 20 most common health
   issues you'll have to deal with in a survival situation.

   Including chronic issues like diabetes, blood pressure and
   pain...

   Illnesses like food poisoning or viral and bacterial
   infections...

   And even emergency situations like burns and wounds!

   The best part?

   It was all backed up by scientific studies.

   Let me show you some of what I found inside.

   I'm going to share:

Proven herbal remedies you can use to fight the top 3 drug shortages
right now

   Because there's no better way to prove to you that herbal
   remedies work than to SHOW you.

   First, let's talk about how to manage pain in a crisis.

   On 8 out of 10 days, Americans face a shortage of painkillers!

   Remember, this is BEFORE The Great Healthcare Reset has even
   gone into full swing.

   Once it does, the shortage is going to become impossible to
   manage.

   The thing with pain is - it takes over your entire life to a
   point where you can't even think about anything else.

   That's why it's essential to have a simple, practical but most
   of all scientifically-backed way to manage pain... without
   resorting to dangerous drugs, or being at the mercy of your
   physician.

   I'm talking about bay laurel.
   bay laurels

   Ancient Romans used it to treat a range of conditions,
   including paralysis, spasms, and sciatica.

   But today, numerous scientific studies back up bay laurel's
   healing effects.

   In fact, one study proved bay laurel oil's pain relief
   properties were comparable to that of morphine!

   That's because it has a powerful ingredient called - eucalyptol
   - which is nature's best remedy for pain.

   The best part is:

   Bay laurel is easily available across the US.

   In fact, you can buy a bay laurel plant from your local
   supermarket or nursery and start growing it in your backyard
   right now.

   All the instructions to grow the plant are included in Dr.
   Herzog's collection too.

   The easiest way to use bay laurel to manage pain is to make a
   bay laurel compress.

   IFRAME: [1]https://player.vimeo.com/video/765664593?muted=1

   First, simmer 20 to 30 bay leaves in one liter of water for 15
   minutes.

   To make the compress, soak a small towel in the hot bay leaf
   water and squeeze out any excess water.

   Place the towel over the affected area on your skin and put a
   larger, dry towel overtop to hold in the heat.

   Then, keep re-soaking and re-applying this compress for 30
   minutes and you'll be surprised to see how much better you
   feel.

   This is just ONE of the 20 scientifically proven herbal
   remedies in Dr. Herzog's war chest.

   Now that we have a way to manage pain...

   Let's talk about the 2nd biggest shortage our country is facing
   right now.

   Drugs that can heal deadly infections.

   You don't want to be caught unprepared when you or a family
   member come down with a nasty bug - without a way to access
   antibiotics!

   That's why you'll love that a common kitchen ingredient can
   help you fight off bacterial infections.

   I'm talking about 'nigella sativa' - commonly called black
   cumin.
   nigella sativa

   This powerful remedy has been used for thousands of years
   throughout the Middle East and India.

   In ancient literature, it's even stated that nigella is a
   remedy for all diseases except death.

   And now, science has taken notice of this ancient heal-all.

   Several studies have confirmed that the active ingredient in
   nigella sativa, a compound known as 'thymoquinone', has
   powerful antibacterial properties.

   But what's even more interesting is...

   'Nigella sativa' can even fight off bacteria that's resistant
   to antibiotics!

   While traditional medication is still desperately searching for
   a solution to antibiotic-resistant bacteria...

   People have been using this ancient remedy for years for
   exactly this purpose.

   One study found that Nigella sativa oil inhibited 97 different
   antibiotic-resistant strains of bacteria that were tested.

   And you can easily find nigella oil in your local supermarket
   like Costco or Walmart - or online on Amazon.

   Or you can follow this traditional method of making a nigella
   sativa home remedy:

   IFRAME: [2]https://player.vimeo.com/video/765664614?muted=1

   A classic way of eating your daily nigella seeds is to mix 1
   teaspoon of ground seeds with 1 teaspoon of honey.

   Take this mixture twice a day either plain or spread it on
   toast or a cracker.

   Simple enough, right?

   Now, you have a solution for whenever you come down with an
   infection but your pharmacy has run out of antibiotics.

   Alright, so far I've given away the pain remedy Dr. Herzog
   talks about...

   And I've given you a scientifically-proven way to fight off
   infections.

   The last thing I'm going to share is what to do if you suffer
   from a health issue that plagues 47% of Americans today.

   I'm talking about high blood pressure.

   This is particularly important because the 3rd biggest shortage
   we're facing right now is drugs that deal with high blood
   pressure.

   And if you struggle with this, or have a family member who
   does, you might be aware that almost half of all heart attacks
   and strokes happen because of untreated high blood pressure.

   The good news is:

   There's a scientifically-backed herbal remedy that can help
   with this too.

   And you'll love this one.

   See, in 2006, the American Heart Association conducted a study
   called 'The Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension' - or
   D.A.S.H for short.

   In this study, they found that anyone with hypertension should
   consume flax seed daily.

   That's because the alpha-linolenic acid and lignans present in
   flax seeds are beneficial in making sure your blood pressure
   does not surge up.

   Since then, over 25 studies have confirmed this.

   That means you don't have to worry about blood pressure
   medication going out of stock if you consume flax seed daily.

   IFRAME: [3]https://player.vimeo.com/video/765664630?muted=1

   The recommended amount is 30 grams per day.

   And the best part is...

   You can consume it any way you want!

   It doesn't matter if you choose to sprinkle it in your cereal,
   turn it into a smoothie or even bake it into a tasty treat!

   Make this a part of your daily routine and you'll keep your
   blood pressure in check.

   With this, you now have scientifically-proven remedies to use
   for the top 3 drug shortages we're acing today!

   That means when The Great Healthcare Reset is in full effect...

   And pharmacies across the country only have empty shelves...

   You'll know exactly how to ensure your friends and family are
   protected from any health issues they may face.

   In fact, they're going to look up to you for knowing the exact
   remedy that can help them when they're desperately in need.

   But here's the thing:

   These are just answers to 3 of the biggest drug shortages we're
   facing today.

   The most dangerous shortages are ones that we don't even
   realize might affect us - because there's no way to predict our
   future health issues.

   Fortunately, Dr. Herzog's war chest of herbal remedies was
   written to protect you against any problem that comes your way.

   And because I promised him I'd share it with as many people as
   possible...

   We're publishing it as...

The Doctor's Book Of Survival Home Remedies

   Digital and Physical formats of The Doctor's Book of Survival
   Home Remedies

   This is the ONLY collection of scientifically proven survival
   home remedies written by a doctor.

   You'll want this war chest on your nightstand when the Great
   Healthcare Reset causes a total collapse of our healthcare
   system.

   Because when you can't access medications, this will hand you
   everything you need to keep yourself and your family healthy.

   Whether that's in the face of chronic health issues, infections
   or emergency situations.

   Here's just a glimpse of what you'll find inside...

   The Secret To Handling Infections Using Items Found In Your
   Kitchen
     * Did you know you can make antibiotics out of fruit?! Create
       your own antibiotics at home to keep yourself and your
       family safe from bacterial and viral infections even when
       your access to medication is cut off. You'll get
       step-by-step instructions inside your copy.
     * Next, you'll discover a herb commonly known as 'butterfly
       weed', that helps you with countless health issues that
       come with an infection. Including a cough. Cold. Flu.
       Pneumonia. Or bronchitis.
     * And while we're talking about infections… there's one
       specific infection that's deadlier than breast cancer! In
       fact, it kills more people than BOTH malaria and breast
       cancer already. And the terrible hygiene conditions in a
       survival scenario are only going to help it spread even
       faster. What's worse is, it's even resistant to all drugs.
       Fortunately, there's one special kitchen remedy that can
       help your body heal itself from this deadly infection -
       even when everything else fails.
     * This next one is particularly important for preppers. Do
       you make this mistake while stockpiling survival food? This
       common storage mistake could cause you and your loved ones
       to suffer from a serious case of food poisoning at a time
       when help is not around. On Page 143, you'll discover the 3
       common survival foods you should never stockpile because
       they're notorious for causing food poisonings.
     * And if you do end up with food poisoning… You'll be
       grateful to have this handy. This herb is better than
       activated charcoal at banishing food poisonings from canned
       food. Just add one spoon of this into a cup of boiling
       water to naturally fight your symptoms.
     * Finally, you'll learn about how Americans who used a
       little-known medical practice, created by a man from a tiny
       Virgina town, survived the Spanish Flu in far greater
       numbers than those that were treated with standard medical
       practices? Discover exactly what made the difference
       between life and death for these people. And how you can
       use the same secret when you're faced with a viral
       infection.

   How To Handle Chronic Illnesses When Your Access To
   Prescription Drugs Is Cut Off
     * The first one is for diabetes patients. Once you read this,
       you'll add this tasty ingredient to your coffee everyday.
       Consuming just a small amount of this herb daily is shown
       to result in improved blood sugar, cholesterol and
       triglyceride levels in people with type 2 diabetes. That's
       because the active ingredient inside it helps make the
       cells less resistant to insulin. Discover what I'm talking
       about on Page 111.
     * After that, you'll discover the secret of a special
       American community of 25 million people who live the
       longest. It has to do with a certain herb they consume that
       greatly slashes their risk of cancer! This powerful herb
       weakens cancer cells by naturally increasing what's called
       the body's ER stress response, and helps this community
       enjoy long, healthy lives.
     * Now, the last thing you want in a survival situation is to
       deal with issues like Alzheimer's that stop you from
       functioning at your peak at a time when your whole family
       is depending on you. Fortunately, a recent European study
       discovered that eating just 1.5 cups of this every day can
       be more effective at treating Alzheimer's and dementia than
       anything your doctor prescribes! Find out what it is on
       page 23.
     * The same goes for physical health problems - like
       arthritis. A survival scenario is no time to deal with
       that. That's why you'll want to look for this around grass!
       This plant is commonly mistaken for a weed, and no one knew
       it can help arthritis patients significantly relieve their
       pain until a landmark study in 2010. Next time you see it
       growing anywhere, test this out yourself by adding it in
       your salads, soups or juices.
     * You'll also be able to say goodbye to digestive issues with
       this one herb! It doesn't matter if you're dealing with
       acid reflux, gas, heartburn or even constipation from IBS.
       The inner bark of this tree contains a substance called
       mucilage. When you mix this with water, it begins healing
       your gut to give you relief from your digestive issues.
       (And no, I'm not talking about willow.)

   How To Deal With Emergency Situations That Previously Required
   A Trip To The ER
     * Did you know you can make your own chloroform at home?
       Mixing these 2 ingredients gives you an anesthetic that's
       4.5 times more powerful than what you get at a hospital.
       So, the next time you find someone who needs emergency
       surgery, but roads or hospitals are closed, you can use
       chloroform as an anesthetic to help them without causing
       any pain. You don't want to risk being caught in an
       emergency situation without this.
     * Another thing you'll need to be prepared for in a survival
       scenario is emergency situations like burns. Fortunately,
       there's a traditional healer that is widely known as the
       "burn plant". Whether you're dealing with a less intense
       burn at home, or you find yourself in a survival scenario
       like a terrorist attack, wildfire or explosion… just apply
       the gel from this plant to find relief and kickstart the
       healing process.

   …and much more!

   I'm barely scratching the surface of everything you'll find in
   the Doctor's Book of Survival Home Remedies.

   Remember, it's The ONLY collection of survival home remedies
   written by a doctor.

   Once you have this on your shelf, you'll sleep soundly at night
   knowing you and your family are safe.

   But wait... there's more.

   If you get Doctor's Book of Survival Home Remedies today...

You'll Also Receive Three Exclusive Reports That Will Be Off The
Table Soon... Home Remedies

   I'm adding these because I want to make sure you have
   absolutely everything you need to thrive, not just survive, in
   any health scenario.

   We don't know what the future may hold for us. The only thing
   we can control is how we prepare for right now.

   The first free report you'll get is called...

Special Report #1:Drugs That Kill: The Most Dangerous Pills In Your
Cabinet

   Drugs That Kill: The Most Dangerous Pills In Your Cabinet
   *Digital Product

   If you're taking any of these pills, you'll want to switch over
   to herbal alternatives right away!

   I honestly won't be surprised if you're already taking more
   than one on this list.

   Here's what they don't want you to know.

   Every pill in this report has serious side effects they hope
   you never hear about.

   And for each side effect, they simply prescribe you yet another
   equally dangerous pill.

   So you're stuck in a loop of taking medication (and lining up
   their pockets), practically forever.

   Take arthritis medication for example.

   The most prescribed arthritis medication has been linked to
   serious side effects like heart failure and even cancer.

   Even cholesterol medications, called statins, which are taken
   by over 35 million Americans, are known to cause kidney and
   liver issues.

   I'd hate to see you become a victim of additional health issues
   just because you took the pills your doctor prescribed you.

   That's why I want you to carefully examine this list.

   And once you know that a drug is bad for you, I recommend you
   immediately switch over to safer alternatives that you'll also
   get inside this report.

   Alright, so now that I know you'll be safe from dangerous
   pills...

   I'll also send you...

Special Report #2:Your At Home Emergency Room: The Doctor's Guide To
Surviving An Emergency

   Your At Home Emergency Room: The Doctor's Guide To Surviving An
   Emergency *Digital Product

   It doesn't matter whether you're dealing with a blackout, a
   natural disaster or you're just traveling through rural areas.

   Without the ability to access a hospital, the survival of your
   family is in your hands.

   That's where this report comes in.

   It's designed to help you successfully deal with situations
   that normally require an ER visit - at the comfort of your own
   home.
     * First, you'll get the secret to activating the body's
       natural healing response... even without doctors or medical
       equipment. You'll be using the only thing you always carry
       around with yourself.
     * Next, you'll get the doctor's guide to dealing with broken
       bones, burns, skin infections, back pain, abdominal pain,
       cuts and contusions...
     * And finally, you'll even discover the 5 most common threats
       to your health in any survival scenario - and what you must
       do right now to prepare for them...

   That's not all. You'll also get...

Special Report #3:Hidden Healers: Unexpected Household Items That Can
Save Your Life

   Hidden Healers: Unexpected Household Items That Can Save Your
   Life *Digital Product

   An emergency situation means you don't have time to do a
   supermarket run to find the right herbs!

   That's why this report gives you unexpected items hidden in
   your home RIGHT NOW that have the power of saving your life.

   Take super glue, for example, which can help you close up your
   wound if you don't like the idea of sewing yourself up. And
   yes, it's safe!

   Or credit cards. Did you know you can use them to remove a bee
   stinger without releasing more venom - or to remove a splinter?

   Even your washroom essentials have a purpose! While toothpaste
   helps soothe burns, the high alcohol content in listerine is
   effective in killing infections in any wound.

   With this report, you'll be prepared to deal with any emergency
   even if you're stuck inside your house.

   Like I said, you're going to get all 3 reports totally FREE of
   charge when you get the Doctor's Book of Survival Home
   Remedies.

   You're probably wondering...

"How Much is This Going To Cost Me?"

   Look, this war chest of herbal remedies is the only ammunition
   you can get against the drug shortage.

   No other doctor out there has dedicated over a decade of his
   life to researching scientifically proven herbal remedies.

   That means Dr. Herzog is the most qualified person to help you
   in a survival scenario.

   Now, you could personally consult with him when you face a
   health issue.

   But right now Dr. Herzog charges a starting rate of $350 per
   consultation - and he only has limited slots available.

   That's why he wants The Doctor's Book of Herbal Remedies to
   reach as many Americans as possible.

   So you can access all his knowledge on herbal remedies and
   treat your health issues at home...

   Without paying a huge price tag in medical fees.

   This will be especially valuable when, on top of the Great
   Healthcare Reset...

   We're also faced with another survival scenario like a
   pandemic, an EMP or anything else that makes it impossible for
   you to access a doctor.

   Considering Dr. Herzog's war chest of herbal remedies is your
   only saving grace against drug shortages...

   I can easily ask you for a three figure price tag.

   I'd probably make a pretty penny doing that.

   But as someone who has chronic health issues and a family to
   take care of...

   I understand how truly terrifying a future without medication
   is.

   That's why I'm going to give this to you for just $67.

   Which is an absolute steal when you consider that the average
   American spends $1,300 on prescription drugs every year.

   For a family of 4, that's $5,200 per year!

   And that number is only going to skyrocket once the drug
   shortage becomes critical and the prices surge.

   By using the herbal remedies from Dr. Herzog's war chest
   instead...

   You'll be saving thousands of dollars on prescription
   medication every single year.

   And you'll sleep soundly at night knowing you have everything
   you need to remain safe and healthy in any survival scenario.

   Despite this, when I told Dr. Herzog I'd be charging $67 for
   this...

   He actually convinced me to drop the price down even further.

   That's because he wants to make sure this information is
   affordable for everyone.

   He doesn't want the price to stand in the way.

   That's why today, on this page, you can get The Doctor's Book
   of Survival Home Remedies for just $37.

   That's less than you'd spend on a trip to the movies with your
   family.

   At this price, Dr. Herzog's war chest of herbal remedies will
   literally pay for itself the very first time you choose to use
   a survival home remedy instead of paying for medication.

   And remember, along with The Doctor's Book of Survival Home
   Remedies, you'll also get...
     * Special Report #1: Drugs That Kill: The Most Dangerous
       Pills In Your Cabinet
     * Special Report #2: Your At Home Emergency Room: The
       Doctor's Guide To Surviving An Emergency
     * Special Report #3: Hidden Healers: Unexpected Household
       Items That Can Save Your Life

   Each of these reports is worth at least $29 individually.

   Take a look at what some of our customers have to say about Dr.
   Herzog's collection...

   "My copy is a great book for people that look for ways to
   survive - and take care of me and my family... Many people
   believe things will be great but I'm worried about my family
   and kids and grandkids. This book helps with information that
   will help keep us alive and healthy. I have been truly excited
   since receiving this book. I was a medic in the military and
   want to try to stay on top of these kinds of things.Thank you
   for the coverage of topics in this book and the broad spectrum
   of information."

   - Fred Paul

   "I liked your book very much. I went through it to see if it
   would be helpful if the SHTF, and decided that it would be very
   helpful. It now resides with my favorite books on the subject."

   - Jacqueline Lee

   "I have received the book. Love it! I share info with my family
   & co-workers almost daily. Thank you so much!"

   - Stephanie Street

   "I have many books on home remedies, also herb books as well
   and the most common problem is not supplying current
   information. Most just copy older copies who copy even older
   copies. Your information seemed more up to date and relevant.
   What I like is to pick up the book, find the topic, and read
   the information. Your book gives me everything I am looking
   for."

   - C. Leubecker

   Now, I also want you to have access to this treasure of
   survival home remedies as soon as possible.

   Considering Pfizer's announcement was made on May 25th, 2022...

   And that The Great Healthcare Reset is already in motion...

   I don't know when these shortages are going to get critical.

   It might happen today. It might happen tomorrow. Or it might
   already be happening by the time you see this page.

   That's why I don't want you to wait until you're personally
   affected by the greed of global elites.

   I want you to have access to this as soon as possible.

   When you place your order, you'll be sent a digital version
   straight to your inbox immediately.

   But here's the thing...

   The purpose of compiling all the remedies in one place was to
   make it easy to refer back to.

   In fact, if you look at the index, you'll be able to quickly
   find the health condition you're interested in and which page
   to find an answer to.

   You'll even find a list of all the uses of each home remedy.

   But digging up a digital version can sometimes be a pain.
   Especially in a situation where time is of the essence.

   That's why I want you to have a physical copy on your
   nightstand too.

   So you can quickly pick it up and use the index to guide you to
   what you need at that moment.

   So here's the deal:

   For people who are in a hurry and want the information NOW, and
   are confident they'll be able to refer to the digital version
   with ease...

   We sell a $37 "digital only" version of The Doctor's Book of
   Survival Home Remedies.

   For those who want it in print (and can wait up to a week for
   delivery), we add an extra $8.99 for shipping and handling.

   But today, I want you to get both the physical AND the digital
   and you only pay for the printed version.

   This way you can start reading immediately... and still have a
   hard copy for reference in your library.

   All you have to do is click the button under 'Physical +
   Digital' version and you'll be redirected to a checkout page.
   [4][13.png]
   [5][14.png]

   And the price doesn't even matter because...

You're Covered By Our 60 - Day Ironclad Money Back Guarantee

   [60-badge.webp]

   Here's the deal.

   This war chest of herbal remedies wasn't written by a
   'so-called' plant healer.

   It was written by a real doctor who has personally used these
   survival home remedies to help thousands of patients...

   And to go from taking 6 pills a day himself to taking none.

   Everything inside it truly works and is backed up by scientific
   proof.

   That's why we're more than happy to put our money where our
   mouth is by offering you an iron-clad 60 day money back
   guarantee.

   I don't want you to take my word that this works.

   I want you to try out what Dr. Herzog recommends yourself and
   see the results.

   If you find that these survival home remedies don't work for
   you...

   If you think it's not worth 10 times what you paid...

   Just send the physical copy back and we'll reverse the
   transaction instantly so you'll get every penny back.

   Plus, you can even keep the digital download as a thank you for
   giving this a shot even if you want your money back.

   As you can see, the risk is totally on us...

   All you have to do is click on the option that works best for
   you below, fill out the order form and you'll receive a copy of
   The Doctor's Book of Herbal Home Remedies immediately.
   [6][13.png]
   [7][14.png]

Now Is The Time To Make A Decision That Will Impact Yours And Your
Family's Future Health

   I've also shown why you can't rely on stockpiling medication
   because it simply won't last you through the crisis. Nor can
   you predict which medications you'll need.

   Finally, I've shown why Dr. Herzog's war chest is the most
   reliable source of herbal remedies out there.

   Not only are most other resources completely impractical...

   They're also not researched by a doctor. That means there's no
   proof that any of these home remedies work.

   That's what makes The Doctor's Book of Survival Home Remedies
   your only ammunition against the drug shortage crisis.

   Now the question is:

   Will you be prepared when the modern medical system comes
   crashing down?

   The way I see it, you have three options.

   #1. Your first option is to do nothing today.

   And hope the government somehow bails you out.

   (Because their track record has been so great, right?)

   This option may sound like the easier choice now, but it's one
   you'll likely regret when your pharmacy tells you it's out of
   stock of the medication you need.

   #2. Your second option is to try to find all this information
   yourself.

   Not only is this going to take you hundreds of hours of work...

   It's also going to be nearly impossible to find the right
   combination of home remedies.

   That's because most home remedies recommended online aren't
   just ineffective...

   They can also be dangerous if used incorrectly.

   #3. Your final option is to take back control of your own
   health today.

   By taking a small step today, you'll safeguard the health of
   yourself and your family for the coming days.

   You'll no longer be at the mercy of big pharma, global elites
   or even the government.

   Instead: You'll take control of your health back into your own
   hands using survival home remedies that are scientifically
   proven to work.

   The choice is yours:

   Will you be prepared?
   Or will you stand back and do nothing?

   I'd hate to see you caught unprepared when The Great Healthcare
   Reset personally affects your health.

   That's why I urge you to click the button below and order your
   copy of The Doctor's Book of Survival Home Remedies today.

   After all, it is the ONLY collection of scientifically-proven
   herbal remedies written by a doctor.
   [8][13.png]
   [9][14.png]

Your Window To Take Action Is Closing

   And like I said at the beginning of this presentation, this
   page exposes the kind of secrets that powerful corporations
   spend millions of dollars to hide.

   That's why I have reason to believe this page may be taken down
   any time now.

   And it may not be around the next time you try to access it.

   I don't want you to take that chance.

   Because The Great Healthcare Reset is already underway.

   And the drug shortages could become critical in your location
   as early as tomorrow.

   When that happens, I want yours and your family's health to be
   in safe hands.

   This is why getting The Doctor's Book Of Survival Home Remedies
   might just be the most important investment you make this year.
   Remember - we'll also send you 3 FREE reports.
     * Special Report #1: Drugs That Kill: The Most Dangerous
       Pills In Your Cabinet
     * Special Report #2: Your At Home Emergency Room: The
       Doctor's Guide To Surviving An Emergency
     * Special Report #3: Hidden Healers: Unexpected Household
       Items That Can Save Your Life

   So I urge you to click the "add to cart" button now and thank
   yourself later for making one of the best decisions in your
   lifetime.

   Remember, you risk nothing-you're backed by our 60 day no
   questions asked guarantee.
   [10][13.png]
   [11][14.png]
   (BUTTON) References

   [1] Pfizer 'An Accord for a Healthier World', Pfizer. [Online]
   Available from: <"https:
   //www.pfizer.com/about/responsibility/global-impact/accord#:~:t
   ext=What%20is%20An%20Accord%20for,income%20countries%20around%2
   0the%20world">

   [2] Darshna Yagnik, Vlad Serafin, Ajit J. Shah 'Antimicrobial
   activity of apple cider vinegar against Escherichia coli,
   Staphylococcus aureus and Candida albicans; downregulating
   cytokine and microbial protein expression', National Library of
   Medicine. [Online] Available from: <"https:
   //www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5788933/">

   [3] Salman, Mohd Tariq & Khan, Rahat & Shukla, Indu
   'Antimicrobial activity of Nigella sativa Linn. seed oil
   against multi-drug resistant bacteria from clinical isolates',
   ResearchGate. [Online] Available from:
   <"https://www.researchgate.net/publication/36448004_Antimicrobi
   al_activity_of_Nigella_sativa_Linn_seed_oil_against_multi-drug_
   resistant_bacteria_from_clinical_isolates">

   [4] Bamosa AO, Kaatabi H, Lebdaa FM, Elq AM, Al-Sultanb A
   'Effect of Nigella sativa seeds on the glycemic control of
   patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus', National Library of
   Medicine. [Online] Available from:
   <"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/21675032">

   [5] Tessa Therkleson 'Ginger compress therapy for adults with
   osteoarthritis', National Library of Medicine. [Online]
   Available from:
   <"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2984544/">

   [6] Lawrence J. Appel, MD, MPH, Michael W. Brands, PhD, Stephen
   R. Daniels, MD, PhD, Njeri Karanja, PhD, Patricia J. Elmer, PhD
   and Frank M. Sacks, MD 'Dietary Approaches to Prevent and Treat
   Hypertension', American Heart Association. [Online] Available
   from:
   <"https://www.ahajournals.org/doi/10.1161/01.hyp.0000202568.011
   67.b6">

   [7] Peter R Lewis, Kelly Dowhower Karpa, Todd Matthew Felix
   'Adverse Effects of Common Drugs: Adults', National Library of
   Medicine. [Online] Available from:
   <"https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/26375995/">

   [8] Jerzy Bełtowski, Grazyna Wójcicka, Anna Jamroz-Wiśniewska
   'Adverse effects of statins - mechanisms and consequences',
   National Library of Medicine. [Online] Available from:
   <"https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/19534648/#:~:text=Myopathy%20
   is%20the%20most%20frequent,myocardial%20contractility%20and%20a
   utoimmune%20diseases">

   [9] Sayyah, Mohammad & Saroukhani, G & Peirovi, A &
   Kamalinejad, Mohammad 'Analgesic and antiinflammatory activity
   of the leaf essential oil of Laurus nobilis L', ResearchGate.
   [Online] Available from:
   <"https://www.researchgate.net/publication/10615806_Analgesic_a
   nd_anti-inflammatory_activity_of_the_leaf_essential_oil_of_Laur
   us_nobilis_L">

   [10] Aftab Ahmad ,Asif Husain, Mohd Mujeeb, Shah Alam Khan,
   Abul Kalam Najmi, Nasir Ali Siddique, Zoheir A. Damanhouri, and
   Firoz Anwar 'A review on therapeutic potential of Nigella
   sativa: A miracle herb', National Library of Medicine. [Online]
   Available from:
   <"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3642442/">

   [11] Lydia A. Bazzano, Torrance Green, Teresa N. Harrison, and
   Kristi Reynoldscorresponding author 'Dietary Approaches to
   Prevent Hypertension', National Library of Medicine. [Online]
   Available from:
   <"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4366416/">

   [12] Kailash Prasad 'Importance of Flaxseed and its Components
   in the Management of Hypertension', National Library of
   Medicine. [Online] Available from:
   <"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6707798/#:~:text
   =They%20reported%20that%20flaxseed%20supplement,pressures%20%E2
   %89%A5%20130%20mm%20Hg">

   [13] Delaware Health and Social Services - Division of Public
   Health 'CHLOROFORM', Delaware Health and Social Services -
   Division of Public Health . [Online] Available from:
   <"https://dhss.delaware.gov/dhss/dph/files/chloroformfaq.pdf">

   [14] Ratree Maenthaisongab, Nathorn Chaiyakunapruka, Surachet
   Niruntrapornc, Chuenjid Kongkaewa 'The efficacy of aloe vera
   used for burn wound healing: A systematic review', Science
   Direct. [Online] Available from:
   <"https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S030541
   7906007029">

   [15] Matthew C. Fisher, Nichola J. Hawkins, Dominique Sanglard,
   Sarah J. Gurr 'Worldwide emergence of resistance to antifungal
   drugs challenges human health and food security', Science.
   [Online] Available from:
   <"https://www.science.org/doi/10.1126/science.aap7999">

   [16] López-Chillón, Carazo-Díaz, Prieto-Merino, Zafrilla,
   Moreno, Villaño 'Effects of long-term consumption of broccoli
   sprouts on inflammatory markers in overweight subjects',
   National Library of Medicine. [Online] Available from:
   <"https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/29573889/">

   [17] A. I. Owis 'Broccoli; The Green Beauty: A Review', Journal
   of Pharmaceutical Sciences and Research. [Online] Available
   from:
   <"https://www.jpsr.pharmainfo.in/Documents/Volumes/vol7Issue09/
   jpsr07091515.pdf">

   [18] Nancy J Olsen, Valerie K Branch, Geetha Jonnala, Mira
   Seskar & Melisa Cooper 'Phase 1, placebo-controlled, dose
   escalation trial of chicory root extract in patients with
   osteoarthritis of the hip or knee', BMC. [Online] Available
   from:
   <"https://bmcmusculoskeletdisord.biomedcentral.com/articles/10.
   1186/1471-2474-11-156">

   [19] PennState Health - Milton S. Hershey Medical Center
   'Slippery elm', PennState Health - Milton S. Hershey Medical
   Center. [Online] Available from:
   <"http://pennstatehershey.adam.com/content.aspx?productId=107&p
   id=33&gid=000274&print=1">

   [20] Jim Morelli, MS, RPh 'RHEUMATOID ARTHRITIS (RA)
   MEDICATIONS', RxList. [Online] Available from:
   <"https://www.rxlist.com/rheumatoid_arthritis_ra_medications/dr
   ugs-condition.htm">

   [21] Satish Ramkumar, Ajay Raghunath, and Sudhakshini Raghunath
   'Statin Therapy: Review of Safety and Potential Side Effects',
   National Library of Medicine. [Online] Available from:
   <"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5126440/">

   [22] Daniel S. Orlovich, PharmD; Richard J. Kelly, MD, JD, MPH
   'Drug Shortages in the U.S. A Balanced Perspective', Anesthesia
   Patient Safety Foundation. [Online] Available from:
   <"https://www.apsf.org/article/drug-shortages-in-the-u-s-a-bala
   nced-perspective/">

   [23] Rabah Kamal, Cynthia Cox and Daniel McDermott 'What are
   the recent and forecasted trends in prescription drug
   spending?', Peterson-KFF Health System Tracker. [Online]
   Available from:
   <"https://www.healthsystemtracker.org/chart-collection/recent-f
   orecasted-trends-prescription-drug-spending/">

   [24] OxFam International 'Pfizer, BioNTech and Moderna making
   $1,000 profit every second while world's poorest countries
   remain largely unvaccinated', OxFam International. [Online]
   Available from:
   <"https://www.oxfam.org/en/press-releases/pfizer-biontech-and-m
   oderna-making-1000-profit-every-second-while-worlds-poorest">

   [25] FDA 'Drug Shortages', FDA. [Online] Available from:
   <"https://www.fda.gov/drugs/drug-safety-and-availability/drug-s
   hortages">

   [26] Rebecca Howes-Mischel 'Stocking up on Fish Mox: a
   Systematic Analysis of Cultural Narratives about
   Self-medicating in Online Forums', National Library of
   Medicine. [Online] Available from:
   <"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6111272/">

   [27] Yacob Habboush, Nilmarie Guzman 'Antibiotic Resistance',
   National Library of Medicine. [Online] Available from:
   <"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK513277/">

   [28] National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney
   Diseases 'LiverTox: Clinical and Research Information on
   Drug-Induced Liver Injury', National Library of Medicine.
   [Online] Available from:
   <"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK548370/#:~:text=Comfrey
   %20has%20been%20shown%20to,root%20powders%20and%20as%20capsules
   ">

   [29] Daniel More, MD 'Understanding Mold, Food, and Penicillin
   Allergies', Very Well Health. [Online] Available from:
   <"https://www.verywellhealth.com/are-mold-food-and-penicillin-a
   llergies-related-82836">

   [30] Robert W Allen , Emmanuelle Schwartzman, William L Baker,
   Craig I Coleman, Olivia J Phung 'Cinnamon use in type 2
   diabetes: an updated systematic review and meta-analysis',
   National Library of Medicine. [Online] Available from:
   <"https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/24019277/">

   [31] Juan Wang, Ligang Si 'Increased Sulfiredoxin Expression in
   Gastric Cancer Cells May Be a Molecular Target of the
   Anticancer Component Diallyl Trisulfide', National Library of
   Medicine. [Online] Available from:
   <"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6378787/">

   [32] Kris Gunnars, BSc '6 Health Benefits of Apple Cider
   Vinegar, Backed by Science', Healthline. [Online] Available
   from:
   <"https://www.healthline.com/nutrition/6-proven-health-benefits
   -of-apple-cider-vinegar">

   The Doctor's Book Of Survival Home Remedies
   [12]TERMS AND CONDITIONS [13]FAQ [14]SHIPPING POLICY &
   INFORMATION [15]PRIVACY [16]REFUND POLICY [17]CONTACT [18]DO
   NOT SELL MY INFO

   This site is NOT a part of the Facebook website or Facebook
   Inc. Additionally, this site is NOT endorsed by Facebook in any
   way.

   ClickBank is the retailer of products on this site. CLICKBANK^®
   is a registered trademark of Click Sales Inc., a Delaware
   corporation located at 1444 S. Entertainment Ave., Suite 410
   Boise, ID 83709, USA and used by permission. ClickBank's role
   as retailer does not constitute an endorsement, approval or
   review of these products or any claim, statement or opinion
   used in promotion of these products.

   The thoughts and opinions expressed here are those of the
   seller(s) alone and do not necessarily reflect the views of
   Click Sales, Inc., its parents, subsidiaries or affiliates. The
   products, information, and other content provided by this
   seller are provided for informational purposes only. In the
   event of any problem with products that customers purchase
   through this seller, customers agree that their sole remedy is
   from the seller, if any, in accordance with any seller
   warranties and/or seller refund policy.

   Copyright © docshomeremedies.com. All Rights Reserved

References

   1. https://player.vimeo.com/video/765664593?muted=1
   2. https://player.vimeo.com/video/765664614?muted=1
   3. https://player.vimeo.com/video/765664630?muted=1
   4. https://docsrem10.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=13&cbfid=53203&tkn=dHJraWQufHNwbGl0Lnx0di58dC58Y3AufGNwdC58Y3AxLnxjcDIufGNwMy58Y3A0LnxjcDUufHByYy58Y3QufGN0MS58Y3QyLnx0ZzEufHRnMi58dGczLnx0ZzQufHRnNS58bGlkLnxtLnxoYXNoLmFjYjVjMjc0NzJmNThhMWYxYmY5YjJjODk3ZmQzYjg&REF=&vtid=default_dp_tsl_desktop
   5. https://docsrem10.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=21&cbfid=53203&tkn=dHJraWQufHNwbGl0Lnx0di58dC58Y3AufGNwdC58Y3AxLnxjcDIufGNwMy58Y3A0LnxjcDUufHByYy58Y3QufGN0MS58Y3QyLnx0ZzEufHRnMi58dGczLnx0ZzQufHRnNS58bGlkLnxtLnxoYXNoLmFjYjVjMjc0NzJmNThhMWYxYmY5YjJjODk3ZmQzYjg&REF=&vtid=default_d_tsl_desktop
   6. https://docsrem10.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=13&cbfid=53203&tkn=dHJraWQufHNwbGl0Lnx0di58dC58Y3AufGNwdC58Y3AxLnxjcDIufGNwMy58Y3A0LnxjcDUufHByYy58Y3QufGN0MS58Y3QyLnx0ZzEufHRnMi58dGczLnx0ZzQufHRnNS58bGlkLnxtLnxoYXNoLmFjYjVjMjc0NzJmNThhMWYxYmY5YjJjODk3ZmQzYjg&REF=&vtid=default_dp_tsl_desktop
   7. https://docsrem10.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=21&cbfid=53203&tkn=dHJraWQufHNwbGl0Lnx0di58dC58Y3AufGNwdC58Y3AxLnxjcDIufGNwMy58Y3A0LnxjcDUufHByYy58Y3QufGN0MS58Y3QyLnx0ZzEufHRnMi58dGczLnx0ZzQufHRnNS58bGlkLnxtLnxoYXNoLmFjYjVjMjc0NzJmNThhMWYxYmY5YjJjODk3ZmQzYjg&REF=&vtid=default_d_tsl_desktop
   8. https://docsrem10.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=13&cbfid=53203&tkn=dHJraWQufHNwbGl0Lnx0di58dC58Y3AufGNwdC58Y3AxLnxjcDIufGNwMy58Y3A0LnxjcDUufHByYy58Y3QufGN0MS58Y3QyLnx0ZzEufHRnMi58dGczLnx0ZzQufHRnNS58bGlkLnxtLnxoYXNoLmFjYjVjMjc0NzJmNThhMWYxYmY5YjJjODk3ZmQzYjg&REF=&vtid=default_dp_tsl_desktop
   9. https://docsrem10.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=21&cbfid=53203&tkn=dHJraWQufHNwbGl0Lnx0di58dC58Y3AufGNwdC58Y3AxLnxjcDIufGNwMy58Y3A0LnxjcDUufHByYy58Y3QufGN0MS58Y3QyLnx0ZzEufHRnMi58dGczLnx0ZzQufHRnNS58bGlkLnxtLnxoYXNoLmFjYjVjMjc0NzJmNThhMWYxYmY5YjJjODk3ZmQzYjg&REF=&vtid=default_d_tsl_desktop
  10. https://docsrem10.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=13&cbfid=53203&tkn=dHJraWQufHNwbGl0Lnx0di58dC58Y3AufGNwdC58Y3AxLnxjcDIufGNwMy58Y3A0LnxjcDUufHByYy58Y3QufGN0MS58Y3QyLnx0ZzEufHRnMi58dGczLnx0ZzQufHRnNS58bGlkLnxtLnxoYXNoLmFjYjVjMjc0NzJmNThhMWYxYmY5YjJjODk3ZmQzYjg&REF=&vtid=default_dp_tsl_desktop
  11. https://docsrem10.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=21&cbfid=53203&tkn=dHJraWQufHNwbGl0Lnx0di58dC58Y3AufGNwdC58Y3AxLnxjcDIufGNwMy58Y3A0LnxjcDUufHByYy58Y3QufGN0MS58Y3QyLnx0ZzEufHRnMi58dGczLnx0ZzQufHRnNS58bGlkLnxtLnxoYXNoLmFjYjVjMjc0NzJmNThhMWYxYmY5YjJjODk3ZmQzYjg&REF=&vtid=default_d_tsl_desktop
  12. https://www.docshomeremedies.com/survivalplan/statics/termsandconditions.php
  13. https://www.docshomeremedies.com/survivalplan/statics/faq-lp.php
  14. https://www.docshomeremedies.com/survivalplan/statics/shipping-policy.php
  15. https://www.docshomeremedies.com/survivalplan/statics/privacy.php
  16. https://www.docshomeremedies.com/survivalplan/statics/returnsandrefundspolicy.php
  17. https://www.docshomeremedies.com/survivalplan/statics/contact.php
  18. https://www.survivopedia.com/ccpa/
