   By continuing to browse our site you agree to our use of
   cookies. More information about [1]cookies. (BUTTON) I Agree

   x

   By continuing to browse our site you agree to our use of
   cookies. More information about [2]cookies. (BUTTON) I Agree

   x

   Shocking Device Extracts 10 Gallons of
   Water a Day From Dry Desert Air

                                 1.1

Hi, my name is John Gilmore.

   And I almost died, getting robbed for my family’s water supply.
   It’s something that just shouldn’t happen. Not in our day and
   age...
   But it did… And that experience forced me to look for an
   alternative on demand water supply. Something that I could use
   day in and out, without stockpiling, without putting my family
   in danger ever again. And I’ve found it!

An amazing invention that the Israeli army, uses to provide fresh
water for their soldiers.

   …even in the middle of the desert.

                                  2

   So keep reading, and I'll show you how they generate vast
   amounts of water in the deserts of Israel, where they can't dig
   wells or get it through pipes.

   HINT: It has to do with moisture in the air.

   But before we get into that, I want you to know why I got
   robbed, why it happened to me, and why it might happen to you
   too. So what I’m about to tell you right now, you might find
   DISTURBING.

According to NASA, we're going to face a 100-YEAR LONG DROUGHT.

                                 1.1

   A drought more devastating than the 1930s Dust Bowl that forced
   America to plunge into crisis and left millions of people
   without the basics of life... like water and food.

   And this is not something that's gonna happen in 50 years, in
   20 years, or in 5. This is already HERE. It’s already started…
   over a decade ago.

                                 2.1

                                 2.2

   The past 20 year drought in California is THE beginning, and
   the worst is yet to come because it’s about to spread.

   This drought is so big that it's going to affect THE ENTIRE
   CONTINENT... from Canada to Mexico... And it doesn't have
   anything to do with global warming... but with a strange
   weather pattern that that happens once every 1000 years.

                                 1.1

   And the worst part is... this drought will crush our American
   civilization with our way of life we hold so dear, because
   we're completely unprepared...

The mainstream ways for finding or storing water to quench your
family's thirst will soon be useless...

   And relying on them will actually make you vulnerable and
   dependent on FEMA, the government, or greedy water suppliers
   and even worse... they put a big bulls-eye on your house,
   making you the best target for looters that will kill for a sip
   of water.

   A continental drought is just like a nuclear winter. Chances
   are you survive the blast… But you might wish you didn’t if
   you’re not prepared for what comes next. Because everything’s
   gone. Water is either gone or it’s toxic, plants die, animals
   die… and anarchy sets in.

                                 1.1

   Ordinary people will turn to monsters over basic needs like
   food and water. And one thing’s for sure… Stockpiling water
   isn’t the answer. I have a scar on my head to prove just that
   after me and my family got robbed for our water supply.

   You need to be prepared.

You need to have a constant, reliable, portable, off grid water
source.

   And in this short presentation you’ll learn how to do just
   that. Because the surprising invention the Israeli army uses,
   actually EXTRACTS WATER OUT OF SURROUNDING AIR… It’s a
   "portable water generator" that gives up to 50 gallons of water
   per day. It doesn't matter if all the wells are dried-out... or
   if you live in the desert... where it's so dry that even all
   the cactuses died...

                                 1.1

   This method makes you truly independent. You'll never have to
   rely on a water well that might dry-out soon, or on rain
   harvesting (if you're lucky enough to have rain and if you live
   in one of the states where harvesting it's not banned yet).

   So keep reading because…

You're about to find out how to tap into Nature's secret water
reservoir.

   Like I said, my name is John Gilmore, you might know me from
   Survivopedia.com. I'm a writer and an editor there. People
   usually seek my advice because I am specialized in wilderness
   survival... and because I spent almost 2 decades studying every
   last type of survival situation... I try to help everyone I
   can, giving them practical, safe guidance that would actually
   make a difference in survival scenarios.

   And even more important... I'm a proud father and husband.

   I live on a small farm in Arizona with my wife and my 14 year
   old son. And we're self-sufficient people. We grow our own food
   and built our own house... we even dug our own well to have all
   the water we needed... But little did we know this drought was
   going to hit us so hard...

Two years ago... our well completely dried out...

   Each year the water level in our well seemed to be dropping
   more and more, and last year it finally gave up on us...

                                 1.1

   We didn't really panic because we had stockpiled a water supply
   of about 500 gallons and we knew it should last us long enough
   till we could dig a new one.

   A couple of nights after we applied for a new well... I heard
   noises outside the house... I grabbed my riffle and rushed out
   to see what it was. I couldn't believe what I was seeing...
   there were 2 men loading our water barrels into their truck!
   They didn't try to break in... They weren't looking for money
   or electronics... they were stealing the water we relied on for
   our survival.

                                 1.1

   I felt a rush of rage and anger building inside me... I felt I
   could shoot them both right there on my property... but before
   I could aim my riffle... I felt the cold barrel of a gun
   pressed upon my neck...

"Sorry pal, we're taking your water"

                                 1.1

   It was a 3rd robber... he was probably on the "look-out". I got
   caught up in the moment and I didn't see him sneaking up behind
   me. Before I had the chance to say anything... he hit me with
   his gun... I felt a thump and this excruciating pain in the
   back of my head... and I lost consciousness... The last thing I
   remember was his stench brushing up on me as he ran away.

   I woke up in the hospital. And thank God my family was there.
   They were both safe and unharmed… Praying for me to wake up.

   I can honestly say I'd never been so thankful and happy in my
   life.

   Being able to hug them and tell them how much I loved them.

   Being alive.

I was clinically dead when they brought me to the ER.

                                 1.1

   My wife found me in a pool of my own blood after the
   water-thieves left. And my doctor told me it was nothing short
   of a miracle that I recovered after all the blood I'd lost.

   After I came back from the hospital I just wasn’t myself… I
   couldn't believe anyone would do such a thing... It's the stuff
   I'd expect to see in movies… not in my own house. But drought
   turns people into savages...

   I was angry. I felt this chocking cloak of anger clouding my
   judgement. What happens if the drought continues? What will
   people become? Will they even kill for water?

   And the one simple and rotten answer is… YES. They will!

   People are already desperate. This has only just begun, and
   they’re already turning into animals... What will they do when
   the nationwide drought hits?

So I knew I had to find an alternative to the common water sources.

   Something that would give me and my family water “on demand”,
   without the dangers of stockpiling and the logistic nightmare
   of digging a new well every year. Something that would be
   reliable both in the comfort of our home, or if God forbid, we
   had to bug out and leave everything behind to save our lives.

   Now… having specialized in wilderness survival for over 20
   years, I had come across a few concepts and working principles
   on how to “generate” water. But it wasn’t something that I was
   really familiar with. I knew how to harvest water in the wild,
   but not at the level I needed for my entire family and my
   house.

   So I reached out to my contacts in the survival and off-grid
   community. I wanted to know more about what is causing all
   this… and what I could do to reach my goal of being water
   independent.

   And what I found out SHOCKED me.

I discovered that... we might be at war… for WATER!

   The fight to grab the remaining water has already started in
   America. All the big players are already “stockpiling” on the
   remaining water sources. It's a "covered-up" civil war.

                                 1.1

   On one side there's the corporations (who buy all the water
   reserves they can) plus our government (who's trying to pass
   EPA regulations that give the feds the right to confiscate our
   water on your lands as they see fit).

   On the other side it's you and me, the people, who have no
   power to fight them... all those who are forced to pay for
   dirty tap water or their expensive bottled water.

So why are they doing this? It's because of what NASA's predicting...

   NASA has scientific proof that we're facing a drought that's
   going to last 100 years. A 100 years MEGADROUGHT similar to the
   one that wiped out the American continent 1000 years ago.

                                 1.1

   There's a reason why no "real" civilization developed on the
   American Continent until the coming of European immigrants in
   the 17th century. Until then North America wasn't fit for
   modern life... for agriculture and for building villages and
   cities...

   Why? Because... for hundreds of years North America was a
   wasteland.

   In fact... in December 2012 Columbia University published a
   frightening report. They found out that from around the year
   900 and up to the year 1300 there was a mega-drought on the
   American continent. It was so extreme that we have no modern
   comparison... It was the only known time and place it ever
   happened.

                                 1.1

   The bad news is, history repeats itself and these harsh
   conditions that wiped our continent are now returning.

   This is the reason why NASA's using expensive satellites to
   study water, both above and below the ground.

   Take Lake Mead for example... The largest water reservoir in
   the U.S. now sinks to a record low. It reached its lowest level
   since the lake was first filled-out in 1930.

                                 1.1

   And that's not all... there are plenty of lakes in California
   just vanishing because of the high demand from households and
   parched farmers. The lakes just don't have enough time to fill
   themselves before they're drained dry again and again. And the
   result is shocking.

Here's the picture of Lake Oroville that reveals the shriveling
effects of the drought.

                                 1.1

   Just imagine... when the drought will start to get worse (and
   there's no proof of it getting any better) lakes like these
   will disappear in as little as 3 years.

   What's frightening is there's water disappearing all throughout
   the North American continent, not just here in the U.S.

   We're turning into a desert. The Canadian Lake Superior, the
   world's largest freshwater lake, has dropped to its lowest
   level in 81 years.

                                 1.1

   And that's not all... The Ogallala Aquifer, America's largest
   source of under-ground water that supplies most of our wells
   and springs, is shrinking because of too much demand. It will
   be devastating to millions of people.

   In fact... when the Dust Bowl overtook the Great Plains in the
   1930s, and the Ogallala aquifer hadn't been discovered, the
   result was death, famine and the ones that were lucky enough...
   relocation.

We all saw or heard about the consequences:

   Because of drought... people's lives change dramatically. A
   family of 3 from East Porterville says they bathe by filling a
   bucket from the tank in the front yard, carry it inside and
   pour water over their heads with a cup... Just imagine how it's
   like to flush the toilet and nothing happens... it's like you
   switch to the Dark Ages overnight.

                                 1.1

   And thousands of crops are disappearing all throughout our
   country. People dying of thirst and dehydration, old folks
   suffering of heat-strokes...

   But what most people don't know is that's going to get a lot
   worse...

   As the New York Times reports: on the 5th assessment of the
   Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change they mentioned: "in
   each of the next 80 years America is expected to see less and
   less rainfall than in 2004 for instance, when the drought
   started."

                                 1.1

   In fact... all these dots connect into a bigger picture - The
   American continent, from Canada to Mexico, is returning to the
   norm of a thousand years ago... Meaning 90% of the water we
   have now will be gone sooner than you think.

There won't be any water for people to cook, or wash...

   not even to drink... and that's when viruses will start to
   spread just like it's happening in Africa.

   Diseases and infections that start with leaving your mouth and
   skin dry, then headaches, rapid heartbeats and fever... people
   will fight over a sip of water just to stay alive... And
   because most of our crops will be gone we'll have to fight over
   scraps so we don't starve.

                                 1.1

   All this will lead to downright war...

   In the U.S, the people in power already know how catastrophic
   the drought will be... and that's why the corporations and our
   government work together to secure all the water resources for
   themselves.

   This means all the water on the American continent will be in
   their hands. And they'll have federal authority over your water
   (and land)... and could seize it at any time....

                                 1.1

I, for one... decided to put my family first.

   ...to protect my loved ones and our independence no matter
   what.

   I couldn't rely on wells and neither can any American. NASA
   warns that 100,000 wells are about to dry-out this year alone.
   As the drought gets worse, eventually... every well will dry
   out.

   And, like the drought wasn't enough, everything happening over
   in Europe will plunge us in the biggest food and biggest
   financial crisis of recorded times. Prices on everything from
   bread to water to fuel are already skyrocketing, hitting record
   highs.

                                 1.1

   The way I see it, I cannot rely on anyone but myself in the
   coming water war. I can't even rely on the water I might have
   on my land or even under-ground because they plan to take it
   from me.

   But what can we do?

   Thankfully, my friends that I reached out to from the
   international survival community told me about a hidden
   gemstone.

An innovative secret technology the Israeli Army uses that makes
water from surrounding air, even in the desert.

   It's not anything like an expensive desalinization or a huge
   water drilling station. It's a simple device that transforms
   moisture from the air around us into water.

   It's the ultimate portable "endless spring". A chemistry
   professor invented this unique system that taps into a
   virtually unlimited water source. This device uses the simple
   water condensation principle. It takes the humidity out of the
   air and transforms it into water... It then filters it and
   gives up to 50 gallons of water per day.

                                 1.1

   It all sounded perfect until I found out how much it would cost
   me. Some greedy corporations got their hands on the technology
   and they're selling these machines to regular folks... well...
   regular folks who can afford to pay from $6000 up to $10,000.
   They're selling them for such a high price because they know
   the U.S. will soon be desperate for water.

It was obvious I couldn't afford one so I thought to myself: maybe I
can reverse engineer it and build one on my own.

   And this device was exactly what I needed. It completely
   eliminated the hassle of spending a small fortune on bottled
   water or drilling new wells, and stockpiling water altogether.

   And I knew it was going to give me fresh, clean water because
   it comes straight from the air... so I won't have to rely on
   tap water and untrustworthy filters anymore.

   That means it's not water from some contaminated lake or
   well... so you don't have to worry about fluoride, heavy metals
   like led and arsenic, or cancer causing pesticides...

                                 1.1

   And the best part is, it can generate water for free, because
   the system can be run both on grid and completely off grid. So
   not only you’ll have an evergreen fresh water spring at your
   disposal, you’ll also be able to save money on those ever
   growing utility bills.

   And since the Israeli army uses this simple device to give them
   50 gallons of water per day in the middle of the desert... you
   know it's going to work anywhere... no matter how dry it is in
   your area.

So I decided to build my own "water generator".

   Because spending thousands of dollars on one of these machines
   wasn’t really an option for me. I didn't have the money in the
   first place... so I set myself a limit for $300. If it cost
   even a penny over my budget I was going to quit the project and
   look for other options.

   First I started to make some blueprints... I already had the
   device in mind, so I put it on paper and sent them to a buddy
   of mine that makes water coolers. He explained a few essentials
   I got wrong. I knew the device was already proven to work, so
   it was just a matter of time till I got it right. I made some
   adjustments and sent him the sketches again and this time they
   were bang on.

   So I started working on it... I'm not going to lie... I had
   some hard times putting it together the first time... it was
   frustrating to say the least... but after a couple of weeks
   locked in my garage I’d finally pulled it off...

I’d made my own "air fountain" and it cost me a little less than my
initial budget of $300.

                                 1.1

   This device gives me up to 10 gallons of fresh, pure and clean
   water per day for me and my entire family to use, and it costs
   less than 10 cents per hour to keep it running… Less
   electricity than keeping a TV on.

   And that’s if I choose to run it on grid of course...

   But what if I chose to run it off grid?

   All those years studying and learning survival skills and
   methods got me thinking… Why pay money for water at all? Why
   not go off grid. At least just for the “air fountain”. I know
   going fully off grid, house and everything, means a lot of
   money invested in either solar panel systems or wind turbines.
   But powering up the air fountain. That should be cheap and
   easy.

   I started looking for a solution. So I turned again to my
   friends in the off-grid community, and got a lot of positive
   feedback and some pretty interesting ideas.

   I got to work, and a month later, I’d solved it.

My Air Fountain was running on 100% green, off-grid electricity.

                                 1.1

   The process was rough, but in the end I managed to simplify the
   designs and the materials down to basic things everyone would
   have access to. All it took was a car battery and a few scraps
   I had lying around the house and garage.

   Now… this is optional, of course. The Air Fountain works
   perfectly plugged in the usual grid. It’s just something I know
   will come in handy, though, as both the Air Fountain and its
   off-grid power source are portable. So it makes for a great
   addition for any scenario life might throw at us.

   When I finished putting everything together I was so happy I
   found my own "portable oasis" that I had to show it off... I
   called a couple of my friends to see what I've been working on
   and they couldn't believe it.

   Each and every one of them asked me if I can build one for
   them... and I did... the best part is... since I already knew
   how to make it... it took me less than 20 minutes to build
   others.

And the results just kept coming.

   I was even able to walk some of them through the simple process
   of building their own foul-proof water supply and get fresh
   water out of thin air, protected from the surrounding drought,
   no matter where they lived!

   Everyone kept telling me to share my system with the world, but
   I wasn't crazy about the idea.

   I didn't like the attention it brought to me.

   But I soon realized that my minor soreness was nothing compared
   to the avalanche of comfort that takes over people when they
   realize they won’t ever have to worry about their families and
   loved ones suffering from thirst even in the direst situations.

   Plus, my wife came up with this great idea...

She thought I should make some kind of step-by-step tutorial so
people could put together their own "Air Fountain".

   In the end this is about helping people in the coming "water
   war" against these greedy corporations and our power-hungry
   government. So I decided my wife was right and I started
   putting together a step-by-step program.

   And after almost a year of scrupulous testing to make sure
   ANYONE can use it…

   Translating everything into plain simple English for a quick
   and easy read…

   And putting every single step on a clean-cut video that walks
   you through the entire process.

The "AIR FOUNTAIN" system was born!

                                 1.1

       Digital Product. Image for visualization purpose only.

   It's the only proven-to-work A to Z blueprint on how to survive
   America's upcoming 100-year long drought. And the easiest
   step-by-step video guide that anyone can use to build their own
   "thin air water generator" no matter if you have no money to
   spend on a ridiculous off-the-shelf $10k device.

   I put together these simple instructions so you can provide
   clean fresh water for your family no matter what’s heading our
   way.

   No matter if you don't have the time or patience to go through
   trials and errors… no matter if you've never built anything
   before (not even an IKEA chair).

   Look: when I finished my research on the Air Fountain, I knew
   that I had found a gold mine.

   The benefits are nothing short of amazing.

   You won't need the grid.

   The Air Fountain taps into a virtually unlimited supply of
   fresh, crystal-clear, healthy water because the device collects
   moisture from the air, even in the driest deserts of Israel,
   and transforms it into water. It's an endless reservoir of
   fresh H2O. And you'll discover how to put together your own Air
   Fountain System for under $300 in under 30 minutes of your
   time.

You won't need the space:

   If space is a problem for you you'll never have to worry again
   about storing water because you only have to turn on the Air
   Fountain and it will make water on demand. Or if you want to
   store water all you need to do is leave it on... and it will
   make as much water as you need.

                                 1.1

   And the entire Air Fountain system weighs under 10 pounds, so
   you can put it in a backpack and "bug out" you ever want to...
   Without having to drag around gallons of water and break your
   back whenever you go camping.

Plus... There's almost no maintenance required.

   Just put the system outside (or even inside), turn it on, and
   you’ll have fresh drinking water in a matter of minutes.

   And the easy-to-use, "AIR FOUNTAIN" system can provide you with
   another colossal advantage…

   It gives you crucial time to do more essential things in a
   crisis.

   While others will be busy dumpster diving for food, your
   "miniature water plant" takes care of itself.

   You'll have more time to protect your family… to learn a
   valuable skill you can barter with… or to be the "Captain
   Picard" of your community.

More and more people are enjoying the benefits that come with the Air
Fountain system.

   Because this step by step guide was designed for everyone.

   No expensive tricky filters or unaffordable desalinization
   plants. In just 30 minutes "Air Fountain" turns you into a
   drought survival expert with your own evergreen water supply.

                                 1.1

   And just imagine never having to buy another bottle of bottled
   water in your life. You'll be able to immediately cut your
   water bill by up to 90% and save thousands of dollars in the
   coming year alone.

   That's just a taste of what the Air Fountain does for you...

   And now, you too can join in on this life-saving system.

   So, here's my promise:

   If you can push "play" and watch a short video ONCE, you have
   all you need to make your own "personal water plant" and have
   an endless source of fresh clean water for anything heading our
   way.

“Air Fountain" system is THE solution if you want to be water
self-sufficient.

                                 1.1

       Digital Product. Image for visualization purpose only.

   It's an A to Z, step-by-step, "take you by the hand" blueprint
   and video guide for having your own personal “water generator”
   up and running by the end of the day!

   But even though I've tried to make the program as complete as
   possible… I know that there will always be more questions.

   That's why with the program, you also get unlimited email
   access where you get to ask me just about everything related to
   the Air Fountain System.

   Oh, and believe it or not there's more... if you get the "Air
   Fountain System" right now,

   You'll also receive 3 exclusive reports completely FREE of
   charge.

   Each of them is filled with strategies and recommendations to
   help you with your water supply and to shield yourself and your
   family from the coming 100 years long drought.

   Please keep in mind that this is a one-time offer, only
   available if you get the "Air Fountain System" right now... and
   soon this deal might be off the table.

   First, you'll get
   "How to Secure Your Water Reserves"

   First, you'll get
   "How to Secure Your Water Reserves"

   the ultimate guide for water storage.
   You already have the perfect solution to make as much water as
   you need. This special report will show you all the must-know
   strategies and best-kept secrets if you really need to
   stockpile the water you're generating.
   I wouldn’t have ended up in the hospital two years ago if I had
   the amazing knowledge packed in this report. You'll find out
   about all the important tools and equipment you'll need.
   The best and most surprising places where you can keep your
   water. How to keep your water running even on freezing days and
   much more. You'll never second-guess yourself anymore when it
   comes to your water stash.

                                 1.1

       Digital Product. Image for visualization purpose only.

   Second, you'll get
   "How to Purify and Mineralize Water"

                                 1.1

       Digital Product. Image for visualization purpose only.

   Second, you'll get
   "How to Purify and Mineralize Water"

   a special report on how to get rid of expensive filters and
   make sure you're drinking only the healthiest water.
   It gives you all the DIY techniques to purify any kind of water
   and turn it into crystal-clear fresh H2O. You'll find out 9
   secret techniques to get the most from even the dirtiest water
   source. Discover everything you'll ever need to know about
   filtration, boiling, solar water disinfection, how iodine works
   and more.
   You'll even get to know the insiders' secret about how you can
   use banana peels to filter water. And everything you need to
   know about water re-mineralization.
   This is important because you'll need the minerals in your
   water especially if you can't eat properly or you've been out
   in the nauseating heat. So no matter what happens... you'll
   have the power to turn any kind of water into fresh, clean and
   healthy H2O.

   And finally, you'll get my special report:
   "The Deadly Agents Hidden in Your Water"

   And finally, you'll get my special report:
   "The Deadly Agents Hidden in Your Water"

   This special course shows you everything you need to know about
   the invisible toxins in your water.
   Even though your water may seem perfectly safe to drink you
   might be in for a world of pain. This special report gives you
   all the information and knowledge to identify each and every
   one of these poisonous substances. From fluoride, arsenic and
   lead to parasitic protozoa, parasitic worms and other viruses
   and bacteria.
   Plus, you'll find out the 6 ways nature contaminates your water
   and how to stay away from them. This special guide will give
   you practical knowledge to prevent and treat waterborne
   infections and will expose the ineffective water purification
   methods and equipment that actually do more harm than good.
   So you'll know what to stay away from and what's actually safe.

                                 1.1

       Digital Product. Image for visualization purpose only.

   If sold separately each of these reports would cost $49. But
   today I'm willing to give them to you completely free of charge
   if you get the "Air Fountain" course right now.

   But before I tell you how you can do that… let me ask you this:

   How much is it worth to you to literally never feel all the
   nerve-wrecking stress and uncertainty every time you pour
   yourself a glass of water ever again. And knowing that whatever
   might be heading our way, you and your family will always have
   the “essence of life” at your disposal, without ever worrying
   that the “well” will dry out.

   You are literally just 30 minutes away from the only unlimited
   water source you'll ever need. And this guide will walk you
   through each and every step to do it. You don't need to know
   anything about plumbing, chemistry or engineering. No intricate
   mechanisms or overly-complicated circuits or pipes. This video
   is so easy to follow my 14 year old son put together his own
   "Air Fountain" in under 30 minutes all by himself.

   You'll get instant access to all the resources and power not
   only to have clean, pure water for the rest of your life, but
   go through the worst drought humanity has ever seen...

   You'll have the power to handle yourself in ANY TYPE of
   disaster.

   You know how water is the first thing to get cleared off the
   shelves before a hurricane... well... you will never have this
   problem anymore... In fact... no matter what might be heading
   our way this portable device will supply water for you, your
   family, and even an entire community if you use the simple
   scaling secret you’ll find inside.

                                 1.1

   And plus, in a drought-stricken America... where water becomes
   the ultimate resource, where the essence of life becomes
   scarcer than gold... THIS IS THE ULTIMATE BARTERING TOOL.
   You'll have the power to haggle for anything with anyone
   because when everybody else will be begging for a sip of water
   you'll have a device that creates it out of surrounding air.

   You'll have the power to shield your family and loved ones.

   ...and even to rebuild your community during the worst of
   times. Because this device is capable of giving you an
   abundance of fresh, clean and pure water no matter how dry it's
   going to be.

   Water is the only source for food, energy and health and you
   and your loved ones will be safe while the rest of the world
   will be struggling not to give in to hunger, fear, disease and
   despair... Like it's already happening all over Africa, Latin
   America, and countries in Asia like: India, Bangladesh, China
   and Nepal.

   I researched and worked like a mad man to build my own "Air
   Fountain" till I finally was able to perfect it. I spent over a
   year to make sure I give the easiest, most simple and easy to
   follow instructions so anybody can build one.

   And I did all that so you'll never have to worry about how much
   you spend on water... no matter how high the prices will
   skyrocket... you'll never worry about how safe your tap water
   is... and you'll never have to worry the spring is going dry.

   So how much is having a device like this worth to you?

   Just think about the amount of money you spend on water now...
   The average American drinks 180 gallons of bottled water per
   year... if a gallon costs $7 then you're spending about $1260
   each year on bottled water. And that's just for 1 person. Think
   about how much you probably spend for your entire family...

                                 1.1

   The cost for a gallon of tap water is almost 200 times less
   than a gallon of bottled water... so... you could stop buying
   bottled water to spend less... but we all know that would
   basically mean risking your life...

   Whenever I showed my "Air Fountain" to my friends I asked them
   how much they'd pay to have something like this in their own
   home and all of them said they'd pay over $1000... I guess
   that's why corporations can afford to sell them for so much
   even though it couldn't possibly cost them over $500 to make
   one...

   So, I'm not going to ask you to invest $1000 in this program
   even though I know it's worth at least that.

   It won't cost you $500 either.

   Heck, it won't even cost you $247, even though my wife tells me
   that should be the absolute minimum I should offer this
   training course for because it's so valuable.

   No.

   I decided to do something that might sound a bit crazy.

   I'm going to set the price of the "Air Fountain" system at just
   $89.

   But as long as this presentation is up, I'll let you have the
   complete program plus the three bonus reports for just $39
   today.

   But the only way to secure your spot in the program is to click
   the Order button now!
   1.1
   [3]1.1

   I can't guarantee that I can keep this price for longer,
   especially since we're giving unlimited email support… so don't
   get mad if you come here in a few days and see that the price
   has gone back up.

   And really… the price doesn't even matter.

   That's because you're covered by John Gilmore's "No Questions
   Asked Money Back Guarantee" for two whole months.

                                 1.1

   Here's how this works:

   Just say "Maybe" to the "Air Fountain" program.

   If you ever watched a short video and followed simple
   instructions, then you already have all you need to know to
   have an endless supply of fresh, crystal clear, delicious water
   for you and your family.

   I've made this as newbie-friendly as I could.

   Watch the short and simple video.

   It takes less than an episode of M.A.S.H. to know how to make
   an Air Fountain system.

   You have to be completely thrilled with how easy this is to
   build and with how much water you'll be making in the first two
   months alone, or simply send me an email in the next 60 days,
   and I'll give you a full refund no questions asked.

   It will be hard to find a better proposition than this.

   So just to recap, you'll get the "Air Fountain" step-by-step
   video guide, blueprints and written course, plus all 3 bonuses.
   "How To Store And Secure Your Water Reserves", "How to Purify
   and Mineralize Any Water" and "The Deadly Agents Hidden In Your
   Water".

   Normally you'd have to pay $196 to get all of them. However,
   today you'll be able to get all of them for a one-time only
   special offer for just $39.
   1.1
   [4]1.1

   Now… In this presentation, you've seen how not having a
   reliable water source, and stockpiling to make ends meet almost
   got me and my family killed.

   And how water is disappearing on the entire American
   continent... that we're facing a 100 years long drought… and
   everyone in this country is at life-threatening risk.

   I've shown you how water prices are taking a double whammy when
   greedy companies and the power-hungry government are seizing
   control of the most valuable FREE resource that Mother Nature
   has given us.

   And I've shown you why the Air Fountain step-by-step video
   guide and blueprint is THE best way to take towards securing an
   endless supply of clean, fresh water, while being prepared for
   that disaster that's looming over our heads each and every day.

   Now, the ball is in your court.

   Because this presentation is almost over…and this website may
   not be up when you return...

   The way I see it you have 3 options:

   Ignore everything I said... hope things are going to get
   better. Hope our wells won't dry-out, our waters will clean
   themselves... and keep buying bottled water for you and your
   family... Even though the prices are basically skyrocketing and
   sooner than later you're going to have to take on a 2nd
   mortgage just to make sure your family doesn't die of thirst.

   Or, you could stop buying bottled water... You could invest
   $17k in digging a well, rely on rain harvesting, gather a huge
   stash of water... or even try your luck with purifying tap
   water... But all of us know how dangerous that is... you might
   not notice the taste of all the lead, fluoride or even cancer
   causing substances like thallium... But what about your kids?
   What if one of them gets a serious virus from this "poison"
   that passes for tap water now-a-days? Is this really worth
   risking your family's life?

   Or you can get the "Air Fountain" special program right now.
   It's the only proven-to-work material out there.

   If you want your family to be secure, healthy, to have all the
   water they need get the "Air Fountain" system right now. When
   others will kill for a sip of water your family will have
   enough to drink and cook... and even shower.

   This is about your family… its comfort, and its safety.

   So, wouldn't you trade 4 hours and a risk-free deal for the
   chance to live a worry-free life?

   It's your decision, but I think you already know what needs to
   be done.

   Remember, you're getting all my hard-learned lessons in a
   beginner-friendly “Air Fountain” package, plus my three special
   reports along with unlimited access via email for LIFE.

   All this, without risking a dime.

   So, go ahead and click the "Order now" button below.

   I'll be waiting for you with a special message in the "member’s
   area" and with another bonus that's too hot to mention here.
   1.1
   [5]1.1

   *Due to overwhelming demand, the physical copy of the Air
   Fountain is currently out of stock. But don’t worry – we’ve got
   a convenient solution for you!

   [6]Unlock the Digital Edition Today for Just $39

   You’ll gain instant access to all the valuable content,
   including:
   1.1

   The full Air Fountain guide
   1.1

   Exclusive bonuses
   1.1

   Well-structured videos available right now in your members’
   area

FAQ

   Let me answer a few common questions I keep getting about the
   "Air Fountain" system.

(BUTTON) "If the generating water from thin air is so good, why
aren't more people doing it?"

   There are plenty of reasons for that. First, it's the price of
   retail system. At $6,000 or more, not many people can afford
   it.
   Second, it's the fear factor. Most people think this is too
   complex to build. They are partly right because it can get very
   tricky to start building one on your own.
   The fact is, water harvesting is easy when you have the proper
   blueprints.

(BUTTON) "How hard will this be to make?"

   This is so simple and easy to build, you'll kick yourself for
   not doing it earlier.
   The whole thing takes 2 hours if you’re slow, doesn't require
   strength, and the most difficult task you'll do is just a bit
   of cutting.
   That's all, and really there's no excuse for not giving it a
   try. In fact, if you don't want to lift a finger, you can still
   do this.
   Just pay someone $50 to watch the short video and to put
   together the system for you.

(BUTTON) "How long will this take?"

   It will take you a little over 30 minutes to watch the video.
   And that's it.
   Building the system takes under 2 hours. A lot less if
   someone's helping you.

(BUTTON) "I don't have a lot of space. Will this work for me?"

   Not only will it work for you… but it's probably the best setup
   you could hope for.
   That's because you can make use of any space – not just a
   backyard but also a balcony.
   And the best thing is… I designed the Air Fountain system so it
   wouldn't kill my tiny yard.
   That is… The whole system takes less than 10 sq. ft.

(BUTTON) "I live in a hot and arid state. Will this work for me?"

   It definitely will. Water harvesting works even better in hot
   climates. And it’s a must have, especially if you live in hot
   states, because those are the ones getting hit by drought
   first.

(BUTTON) "Can I supply water for my entire house with this?"

   The Air Fountain system can definitely supply an entire house,
   but it all comes down to how much water you're actually using.
   The system can be scaled to give you as much water as you want,
   and adding new modules is easy as pie once you understand the
   simple principles behind how the Air Fountain system works.

(BUTTON) "Is this really risk-free?"

   Yes! As I said, you're covered by my two months "no questions
   asked" money-back guarantee.
   If for any reason, you want to return the program, you have 60
   full days to do so.
   No hassles, no gimmicks, no hard feelings.
   That's why it's crucial that if you decide to try the Air
   Fountain, you do it fast.

So why not do it now?

   Spend 30 minutes watching a simple video… for a lifetime of
   savings and safety.

   So, go on, click on the "Order Now" button below, and let the
   Air Fountain system give you the peace of mind you deserve.

   Thank you for reading this presentation.

   I'm John Gilmore.

                                 1.1

   (BUTTON)

   *Due to overwhelming demand, the physical copy of the Air
   Fountain is currently out of stock. But don’t worry – we’ve got
   a convenient solution for you!

   [7]Unlock the Digital Edition Today for Just $39

   You’ll gain instant access to all the valuable content,
   including:
   1.1

   The full Air Fountain guide
   1.1

   Exclusive bonuses
   1.1

   Well-structured videos available right now in your members’
   area

   Clickbank and all of its agents and employees (the "Clickbank
   Parties") disclaim all liability for the accuracy or
   completeness of the promotional guidelines, and disclaim all
   warranties, express or implied. The Clickbank parties further
   disclaim all liability for any damages whatsoever (including,
   without limitation, direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, or
   consequential damages) arising out of the use, inability to
   use, or the results of use of the promotional guidelines, any
   references used in the promotional guidelines, or the
   materials, information, or procedures contained in the
   promotional guidelines. Please read the Clickbank client
   contract and all accompanying Clickbank policies to ensure your
   compliance with all applicable policies, rules and regulations.
   It is your responsibility to ensure that you are in compliance
   with the Clickbank client contract, all Clickbank policies and
   all applicable rules and regulations.

   ClickBank is the retailer of products on this site. CLICKBANK®
   is a registered trademark of Click Sales, Inc., a Delaware
   corporation located at 1444 S. Entertainment Ave., Suite 410
   Boise, ID 83709, USA and used by permission. ClickBank's role
   as retailer does not constitute an endorsement, approval or
   review of these products or any claim, statement or opinion
   used in promotion of these products. The thoughts and opinions
   expressed here are those of the seller(s) alone and do not
   necessarily reflect the views of Click Sales, Inc., its
   parents, subsidiaries or affiliates. The products, information,
   and other content provided by this seller are provided for
   informational purposes only. In the event of any problem with
   products that customers purchase through this seller, customers
   agree that their sole remedy is from the seller, if any, in
   accordance with any seller warranties and/or seller refund
   policy. John Gilmore is a pen name.

   Air Fountain System
   [8]DISCLAIMER [9]TERMS AND CONDITIONS [10]PRIVACY [11]Returns
   and Refunds [12]CONTACT [13]Do Not Sell My Info

   Copyright © megadroughtusa.org. All Rights Reserved

References

   1. https://www.megadroughtusa.org/statics/privacy.php
   2. https://www.megadroughtusa.org/statics/privacy.php
   3. https://droughtusa.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=1&cbfid=58344&exitoffer=ntexd1ssb&template=nt_of&vtid=tsl_digital_desktop
   4. https://droughtusa.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=1&cbfid=58344&exitoffer=ntexd1ssb&template=nt_of&vtid=tsl_digital_desktop
   5. https://droughtusa.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=1&cbfid=58344&exitoffer=ntexd1ssb&template=nt_of&vtid=tsl_digital_desktop
   6. https://droughtusa.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=1&cbfid=58344&exitoffer=ntexd1ssb&template=nt_of&vtid=_textbox_desktop
   7. https://droughtusa.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=1&cbfid=58344&exitoffer=ntexd1ssb&template=nt_of&vtid=_textbox_desktop
   8. https://www.megadroughtusa.org/statics/disclaimer.php
   9. https://www.megadroughtusa.org/statics/termsandconditions.php
  10. https://www.megadroughtusa.org/statics/privacy.php
  11. https://www.megadroughtusa.org/statics/returnsandrefundspolicy.php
  12. https://www.megadroughtusa.org/statics/contact.php
  13. https://www.survivopedia.com/ccpa/
