    #[1]Easy DIY Power Plan » Feed [2]Easy DIY Power Plan »
   Comments Feed [3]alternate [4]alternate

   This Crazy 45 Year-Old Geography Teacher in Memphis, Tennessee
   Believed He Could Change the Energy World... And Somehow He Did
   It.

   Easy DIY Power Plan Will Change Our World Forever

   Hi, my name is Ryan Taylor,

   And today, in this short video I’ll tell you a life-changing
   story about how I figured out how to easily generate insane
   amounts of energy for the past 3 years…

   I’m talking about a simple device that can be used by any
   family around the world and can even change the course of the
   entire energy industry…

   Over the past year over 17000 people have also already
   successfully used the very same technique to get over tragic
   milestones such as hurricanes, snow storms or floods.

   Based on technology we use on a daily basis, not only can it
   generate enough power to last through long harsh winters when
   temperatures outside go below zero, but it can ameliorate your
   power bill all year long.

   I’m sure you’re already intrigued and you want to know all
   about how this system works.

   Honestly, it’s like nothing you’ve ever seen and in a few
   minutes from now you’ll be outraged you ever paid a single cent
   to Big Electric…

   So you absolutely need to watch this short presentation today,
   while it’s still up…

   I don't know how much longer I'll have this free presentation
   online, so watch this right now, while you still can...

   Before we continue, let me tell you who I am, and how it all
   started.

   As I mentioned before, my name is Ryan Taylor. I’m a 45
   year-old geography teacher in Memphis, Tennessee.

   Folks who live here know that high energy bills are somewhat of
   an issue and we have been fighting them for years…

   And we’ve never liked paying through our noses for simple
   things that everybody should afford…

   Like using the electric appliances without restriction…

   However, we simply settled thinking “That’s the economy” or
   “Maybe it’ll be better next year”, month after month struggling
   not to fall behind on bills.

   All that until the winter of 2015. December 29^th. Tuesday.

   The absolute worst day of my life.

   The news warned the population about the rising of the freezing
   waters of Mississippi, but we never had problems. We were miles
   from the river and we were safe.

   But this time it was different.

   Around 7 p.m. news warned everybody in the area the river had
   risen like never before. After a few minutes all lights went
   off.

   I immediately thought it was a simple blackout.

   I went to check on my wife and two daughters. They were fine.
   For the moment.

   The Mississippi River had broken out of its bed and flooded the
   surroundings.

   It ripped down hundreds of power lines around our area and we
   suddenly found ourselves without power.

   My wife and I discussed about driving to my parents in
   Lexington, Kentucky, but we were looking at a 6 hour drive in
   the night.

   We decided to wait for the power to come back…

   Big mistake.

   The house was getting cold and it was getting cold fast.

   Night came and still no power.

   I tried calling the electric company on my cell phone to find
   out when power would be restored...

   But all I got was a pre-recorded message saying that they were
   "aware" of the problem... and that it would be between 48 and
   72 hours before the power would be back online.

   Quickly the temperature in our house reached around 40 degrees.

   Around midnight I went to check on my family and what I saw
   made me freeze in my tracks.

   My wife and daughters were lying on the bed, embracing each
   other, shivering in cold, muffled in thick blankets.

   You can’t imagine how I felt not being able to protect my
   family…

   I rushed and wrapped my arms around them as I could in a futile
   attempt to give them what little body heat I had...

   And then my 5 year old Lisa said in a shivering voice:

   “Daddy, I’m cold and I’m hungry, I wish we had a warm soup.”I
   immediately burst in tears. It was the most devastating moment
   of my life.

   I felt like my world collapsed.

   I felt POWERLESS because there was nothing I could do to
   protect the ones I cared for most...

   And I simply felt FURIOUS.

   Outraged about the fact that I knew I was the only one to blame
   for getting in this situation… and worse… for getting my family
   in this dangerous situation.

   I was FURIOUS that I was COMPLETELY DEPENDENT on the electric
   company to power my home.

   And FURIOUS about the fact that for so many years I “let it
   slide” and thought “Maybe it’ll be better next year” while
   those money-sucking electricity mobsters bled me and my family
   dry.

   It was the moment I realized I was at the end of my rope. I
   swore to myself I’d never put my wife and two daughters in a
   similar situation again.

   We left for my parents the very next day and came back after
   some time.

   I immediately began researching every single
   energy-alternative I could find.

   I made it my sole purpose because leaving my family’s wellbeing
   in the hands of electric companies clearly wasn’t an option any
   more.

   Not only did their power lines always seem to go down in
   unexpected moments...

   But their prices had been smothering me for more than a decade.

   I imagined the CEOs going to the bank and cashing out my hard
   earned money, maybe even laughing while doing it.

   So I immediately began to look at the problem from every angle
   to break the chains Big Electric had around my family. There
   had to be something.

   Frustrated, I created a list of what I felt my new source of
   energy should be:
     * Cheap and easy to obtain (or build).
     * Easy to move. If I needed to bug out of town, it needed to
       be something I can easily carry with me.
     * Can use a constant source of power to create energy. If
       there was no sun, no gas or wind it should still work fine
       without interruption.
     * So I considered buying a heavy-duty generator. It’s
       certainly a reliable source of power, so I looked pretty
       much into this option. However, when I started to consider
       the costs, I realized I was looking at a minimum $1000
       investment to get a really high quality generator. Not to
       mention the fuel usage. And with the fluctuating gas
       prices…

   Try powering your home full time with a generator. You'd need
   to use about 90 gallons of gas per month... and at a cost of
   around $250 or more to do it.

   Plus, it’s not like I wanted to have a 90 gallons bomb around
   my family and house.

   So this option was off the list.

   Next, I considered using solar energy.

   I’ve heard the solar industry boomed over the last years and
   solar panels really can be effective.

   But, maybe you’ve heard, here in Memphis, Tennessee it can be
   overcast for a month straight during the winter and being
   dependent on solar panels becomes inadmissible.

   Not to mention that installing professional panels would have
   cost me an easy $11,000… And I certainly didn’t have the money
   to invest…

   The idea to buy a DIY solar kit crossed my mind, but when I saw
   the costs, I changed my mind…

   Plus, I did some research on the subject and I found out that
   such kits rarely produce even 20% of the energy advertised.

   So I had only one option.

   If I wanted to make sure my family never goes through such an
   experience again, I had to create my own solution.

   It had to be something cheap.

   And fast and easy to build because I definitely didn’t have any
   technical skills to build complicated devices.

   Being a teacher doesn’t really offer those kinds of skills.

   So I started looking into every other solution that could bring
   me the security for my family.

   Many sleepless nights passed and I was getting tired of surfing
   the Internet for a simple solution.

   Yet one day, Kate, my wife, reminded me about my late uncle
   Jack and his research in the energy field.

   Unfortunately, he passed away in 2004.

   He worked for an electric car company as a pioneer in this
   field.

   His life-goal was to save the planet and offer our children a
   better life.

   As a professional researcher in this domain he had the
   resources he needed to do it.

   And, setting his goal to “Help humankind”, as he said, he
   dedicated his life to discovering new technology.

   And he did a thorough research.

   I remembered him telling me how electric eels can be used to
   produce huge amounts of energy.

   And maybe that sounds a bit strange, but there are some fish
   farms that are completely energy independent.

   However, that wasn’t the solution for electric cars.

   And clearly, it wasn’t for me either. The investment was too
   big and I certainly wasn’t going to take care of
   who-knows-how-many eels all year round.

   Not to mention the danger I was putting my family in.

   So, while this option was off the table, I knew there had to be
   a solution out there.

   And that’s when I remembered about the incredible technology
   that he pioneered.

   He told me about a spinning principle that is still being used
   in today’s electric cars.

   Everybody, including the top engineers at the company, was
   shocked to see how easy the principle was.

   That very moment I realized the answer I was looking for was in
   front of my eyes.

   You're probably thinking that there's no way such a simple
   thing like the multiplication process could hold the key to
   energy independence...

   But the initial tests had been pretty promising.

   Let me explain the working principle, as I later discovered it:

   As you probably already know, in nature, there is the
   multiplication principle that translates into inducing a small
   amount of energy in a system and multiplying it with the
   spinning principle.

   That’s the real secret.

   What you may not realize however, is just how much energy such
   a principle can produce.

   The true secret of this energy is that it so simple to obtain.

   And the fundamentals are so easy, yet few know this secret and
   it is rarely used.

   So, if properly applied, it can produce insane amounts of
   energy.

   This energy is used to recharge the system when it’s not being
   used at its full potential.

   So, basically, it charges itself while providing power for
   whatever you need.

   That was the solution for my problem.

   Without wasting a second, I took some time off and told my wife
   and daughters I was going to visit their aunt.

   I kissed them goodbye and I swore myself I wouldn’t come back
   without the solution.

   I went to Norman, Oklahoma, and talked with Amy, my late
   uncle’s wife.

   She let me in my uncle’s old study and after many hours of
   going through dozens of projects I found what I was looking
   for.

   I skimmed them over and I realized that they held the key to
   take total control energy-wise.

   But what I didn’t know exactly was how to capture this unique
   energy and how to build the device to meet my needs.

   I struggled to understand the plans for about a week, when Amy
   suggested calling Jason Newman, my uncle’s best friend who had
   worked with him.

   She told me he was one of the best engineers at the lab.

   I called and told him my story and asked if he could help me
   decipher the plans my uncle left.

   Being an enthusiast in this field, he agreed.

   However, I insisted to set some basic rules:
     * The device had to be incredibly cheap to build – I was
       already over my budget with the research, the trip and
       everything.
     * It had to be very easy to build – so that I could explain
       it to my wife and kids to build it if God forbid something
       were to happen to me.

   So we started working on the project together.

   As a guy who studied energy sources with my uncle, Jason had a
   pretty good idea of the science behind how to get the most
   energy with this principle, and the plans clearly showed that.

   The first models we made were either too expensive, or too
   complicated for me to build.

   We had some heated arguments, mainly because of me being
   stubborn – I needed the device to be cheap and simple.

   In the end, after several attempts, we finally came up with a
   prototype that seemed to be what we were looking for.

   The design was brilliant...

   We only used 3 wooden wheels, a hard cylinder, some belts and 2
   cogwheels.

   Combined, these materials cost us $106 at Home Depot...

   However, I’m sure we could have found the parts at a junkyard
   for free, if we weren’t in a rush.

   But the most important part is that it was incredibly safe.

   No fire, no dangerous fumes released, so we had zero worry
   about creating a dangerous explosive reaction.

   You simply had to place the components in the correct position…

   And because of the ingenious way the device was designed…

   It generated an extraordinary amount of energy…

   Which was then captured and converted into usable electricity,
   at the same time powering itself without wasting any energy.

   Even more, the system was actually incredibly easy to hook up
   to any device - even if you're terrible at building stuff and
   have trouble plugging in a DVD player to your TV.

   So, after building the device, the next step was to test it out
   to see if it really worked as well as we thought it would.

   We connected some batteries for a few seconds to start the
   device and we just couldn’t believe our eyes:

   The system reached the optimum rotations and because of the
   brilliant design my uncle had come up with,

   All of that energy was immediately captured...

   Providing a steady, robust supply of electricity turning on the
   light.
   [5]video placeholder

   At the same time, the generator was self-supplying itself,
   without the help of any external power.

   We hooked it up to a bunch of appliances and Amy had the rooms
   lit up to see if it holds…

   And not only were all the lights on…

   But she was running the refrigerator and the television no
   problem WHATSOEVER.

   In truth, I almost couldn't believe how simple all of this
   was...

   Missing my family, I rushed home with the plans…

   I started building the device following the steps and, using
   most of the stuff  lying around in my yard, after several
   hours, I built the device and tested it.

   It ran perfectly.

   For the rest of January, we used the generator and consumed the
   same amount of electricity that we always did before...

   But rather than pay $190 for our energy bill like we did in the
   past... we were running on belts and wooden wheels… That meant
   ZERO costs!


   All it had taken me was several hours of my time, and about
   $106 in initial costs...

   And my family was safe.

   I loved the fact that I was teaching my daughters such a great
   lesson about not being dependent on the government or any
   corporations...

   And I felt so RELIEVED to know that they would always grow up
   in a warm, safe and comfortable home.

   Now, that was about two years and a half ago...

   And since then, my family and I saved more than I ever thought
   I would.

   And the generator holds true both in the coldest winter
   months...

   When the temperature can get down in to the negative teens...

   As well as in the hottest, muggiest days of summer, when the
   thermometer soars past 100.

   Plus, using the same principle to make a few of Jason’s witty
   tweaks, I managed to juice more power out of the generator.

   Enough to never worry about being energy-dependent again.

   Well before long my friends and family members were begging to
   know my secret...

   And when I showed them the simple generator Jason and I
   created...

   A lot of them had a hard time believing something so small
   could be creating so much energy.

   But after I'd given them the simple building instructions...

   And they'd followed them, and created their own "power plant"
   in several hours...

   They became believers FAST.

   Because when the person who used this amazing invention was
   hooking it up to electrical appliances, the results were the
   same: An ABUNDANCE of clean, easy energy that they could use to
   power anything…

   Using electricity without second thinking, blasting the AC
   during the summer... running their televisions, their kitchen
   lights, their garage doors, their most heavy duty appliances...

   Soon my friends were telling their friends about my little
   miniature power plant...

   Until finally the number of phone calls and emails from people
   asking me to share the blueprints for my "home power plant"
   became too overwhelming...

   Kate put her foot down and told me that I HAD to find a better
   way to share this one-of-a-kind energy system with the world.

   So, I went to work rewriting out the blueprints, the materials
   list to show construction process in simple steps...

   And then Easy DIY Power Plan was created.

   The product is digital and the images are for visualization
   only.

   The Easy DIY Power Plan is a step-by-step guide showing you
   EXACTLY how to create your own "home power plant" TODAY...
   cutting down by 60% or more your electric bill in the next 30
   days...

   As you already know, this system was specifically designed so
   that ANYONE with one hand can build it – even if you have
   difficulty plugging your charger into a cell phone.

   In fact, you'll be shocked by how few steps there actually
   are...

   And how short the list of materials you need to build this is.

   Inside this system, which I'll tell you how you can access in
   just a second...

   You'll see exactly what those steps are, along with a full
   materials list that will help you build the system from start
   to finish.

   Even though it wasn't cheap for me to conceive this system – (I
   put a lot of time, money and effort into it) – I think it's
   EXTREMELY VALUABLE...

   Plus, because the files are something you can download to your
   computer, tablet, or smartphone...

   You'll be able to follow them ANYWHERE, even if you decide to
   build your system down in the garage, or outside.

   You'll also be given clear guides and written instructions
   detailing EXACTLY how to connect your system to any appliance…

   All of the materials you need to build this will cost $106
   TOTAL...

   But, like I mentioned, you can probably find about 90% of those
   materials for FREE in your garage or at a junkyard.

   Additionally, you're also going to be given a full list of
   tools and you’ll see exactly how to use each one to build the
   device so that you have an unlimited power supply inside your
   home.

   You will NEVER have to pay such high bills to the greedy
   electric companies again.

   And on top of all of that...

   The Easy DIY Power Plan is virtually maintenance free.

   The generator will constantly produce the energy,

   So there's no fire, no burning, no dangerous gasses being
   released...

   And no intense mechanical processes that can breakdown.

   Instead, you simply start the generator and enjoy a fully
   powered home.

   So with all of that being said, I want you to pause and think
   about this for a second...

   How good will it feel to never have to stuff the overflowing
   pockets of the greedy energy companies again?

   To never have to go to your mailbox and feel a deep pang of
   anxiety when you see your monthly statement...

   That you're about to take $160 or more of your hard earned
   money and send it off to company that could care less about
   your family's safety.

   How happy are you going to be when you join the ranks of the
   87,435 other freedom fighters who have already decided that
   they are FED UP with being price gouged every time it gets hot
   or cold outside.

   What will you do with all of that extra money?

   Will you put it away towards your children's college education?

   Will you take your family out to a nice dinner once a month at
   the 5 star restaurant that your wife looks at whenever you
   drive by?

   Will you use it help pay off your mortgage faster?

   In just 10 years from now, having this system in your home
   saves you at least $14,000... probably closer to $24,000.

   So, I want you to think about what this kind of savings will
   mean for you.

   I mean of course, there are other options out there besides
   this...

   You could try to power your home via solar.

   But the price is a big concern. Can you really afford to pay
   the $10,000 or so it costs to have a system like this
   professionally installed?

   Or $800 for a DIY Solar Kit that requires a degree in
   engineering just to setup?

   And how much sunlight is directly hitting your home during the
   short, cold days of winter?

   Another alternative is to buy a generator.

   But remember, we already crunched the numbers on that.

   Even at $2.50 per gallon for gas, permanently run your home
   with a generator it would cost you around $250 per month.

   If you really tried to use one as your main power source, you'd
   be looking to get a few months of usage out of it before it
   started breaking down.

   Why would you do that when you could get the Easy DIY Power
   Plan today...

   And take total control as soon as tonight?

   This is my promise to you: if you use the step-by-step
   blueprints, the illustrated instructions, and the materials
   cheat-sheet that I'm giving to you....

   You will create an ultra-low maintenance, ultra efficient power
   generator that works just as well as your current power source.

   And given all of that...

   You're probably wondering what you need to do to get started…

   And what the investment cost will be for the full guide, the
   blue prints, the materials list and everything else that's
   included.

   Well first of all, let me just be clear about it, there is no
   system like this available anywhere in the world.

   The Easy DIY Power Plan is the result of considerable expertise
   in the energy field... and the contributions of 2 brilliant
   engineers.

   And beyond all the technical innovations that have gone into
   making this simple and easy to use system...

   You also need to understand that this is about more than just
   energy...

   It's about keeping your family safe.

   The reason I am so passionate about getting The Easy DIY Power
   Plan into your hands is that I NEVER want you to go through
   what I went through...

   I want to give you the opportunity today to make sure that your
   home is filled with warmth and love...

   That you have the extra money in your pocket to give your
   family everything they need and want...

   From school clothes to vacations, to special dinners at lavish
   restaurants you and your loved ones deserve.

   Saving an extra $1400 to $2,650 a year is a pretty big deal.

   Especially when you can do it all without ever having to send
   another dime to the same energy conglomerates who are getting
   rich off your family's financial struggles.

   Ultimately, this is about taking action TODAY...

   So that you never have to worry about your electric bills for
   as long as you live.

   Because once you've taken several hours to build this system...
   it won't matter if the grid collapses... electric prices
   surge... there's a natural gas shortage... or oil prices
   skyrocket...

   The energy multiplication principle will never get old,
   generating clean energy, and you will be PERMANENTLY insulated
   from electricity costs for as long as you live.

   87,435 honest and deserving families have already made the
   investment in the Easy DIY Power Plan, and the regular retail
   price is $149.

   In my opinion, that's an incredibly fair price – especially
   because you'll save a BARE minimum of $1,250 in the coming
   year... $12,500 in the next decade.

   But, while I do think $149 is a complete bargain...

   I also know just how badly a lot of families are struggling
   just to stay afloat.

   I've been there too:

   I've held my shivering wife and daughters in my arms and felt
   WEAK and HELPLESS...

   I've felt like I had a gun to my head, like I was being forced
   to choose between going broke trying to pay my utilities... or
   putting my family's safety at risk...

   That's why, for a limited time only... I'm going to cut the
   investment price for the Easy DIYPower Plan by more than 75%.

   Instead of paying the normal retail price of $149, which is
   what more than 87,000 individuals have already gladly done...

   If you act today,

   You’re going to get the entire Easy DIY Power Plan for just
   [DEL: $149 :DEL]   $49

   But, if you want to take advantage of this rare discount, you
   must take action right now by clicking the big "Add to Cart"
   button directly below this video.


   As soon as you click that button you’ll instantly go to a
   secure checkout page where you'll complete your order.

   It takes all of five seconds, and once you hit "enter", you'll
   immediately get access to the system.

   You'll be able to view the complete guide, the blueprints, the
   illustrated instructions and the material lists. And you can do
   it right from your computer, smartphone or tablet.

   You'll also be able to download all of the files and you can
   print out as many copies of the blueprints and materials lists
   as you'd like.

   On top of your instant access, I'm also going to make sure that
   building the system, and running it, is one of the easiest,
   simplest, and most pain-free experiences you ever have in your
   life.

   That's why, when you take advantage of this significant
   discounted investment price today...

   You're also going to get unlimited customer support for LIFE.

   Out of the 87,435 families who have already made the investment
   in the “Easy DIY Power Plan"...

   Less than 10 of them have had an issue getting their new
   generator up and running.

   So while the chances that you'll need this support are slim, I
   want to make certain that if you do...

   I'm right there to help you.

   After you've completed your order, you'll be given my PERSONAL
   email address to answer any questions at all.

   And if there is even a SPLIT SECOND where you feel confused or
   that you don't know what the next step is...

   Or you just want to know if you can substitute one part for
   another (which a lot of times you can)...

   Simply send me an email and I will personally work with you to
   get your question answered.

   There is only one thing standing between you and a savings of
   $160/month or more on your electric bill...

   And that's the yellow button you see below right now.

   But if you're still feeling unsure about the Easy DIY Power
   Plan, then there's one more thing you should hear about...

   We’ll give you a 100 percent refund, even if it’s been 59 days.

   And that's my 60 Day, No Questions Asked, Money Back Guarantee.

   Here's how it works:

   Right now, you just need to say "maybe" to the Easy DIY Power
   Plan.

   Click the yellow "Add To Cart" button you see right now, and
   claim your instant access to the guide, the blueprints, the
   materials list, the unlimited lifetime support, and everything
   else that's included.

   You will be shocked by how easy this is to build...

   And you will be AMAZED by just how quickly the Easy DIY Power
   Plan takes your electric bill down to Zero.

   But if for any reason you're not blown away by the results...

   Just send an email for an instant refund.

   Say you only save $80 a month and you wanted to save $130, or
   you just change your mind?

   You’ll get an instant refund with no questions asked.

   It's saved us more than $3,000 in energy costs since first
   building it two years and a half ago...

   And even as you read this presentation it's saving more than
   87,000 families an average of $1,600 each year.

   Right now, you have the chance to join all of us in the fight
   to take back our energy freedom...

   And you have a full 60 Days to Money Back Guarantee.

   But, aren’t you going to ask yourself why you didn’t at least
   try The Easy DIY Power Plan?

   You could get furious every time one of your kids or grandkids
   forgets to turn off the TV…

   Or end up fighting with your wife because one of you forgot to
   turn off the lights again.

   But why on earth would you make that decision?

   Especially when all you have to do is click the "Buy Now"
   button below right now.

   Do that and you'll have full access to Easy DIY Power Plan.

   The step-by step guide, the illustrated blueprints, and the
   materials list.

   You won't have to send a single hard-earned penny to Big
   Electric for as long as you live...

   You'll receive unlimited, lifetime support...

   And you'll be covered by a full, 100% Money Back Guarantee
   that's good for 60 Days.

   I think your decision is pretty obvious, but I can't click that
   yellow button for you.

   So go ahead and invest in the Easy DIY Power Plan right now...

   Join the 87,435 thrilled families who realized that there is a
   better, simpler, and cheaper way to power their homes...

   And I'll look forward to seeing you inside that "members only"
   area in a few moments from now.

   Thanks for watching.

   Still here?

   No worries!

   I know that sometimes it can be scary to take that first step
   and you probably have a few questions.

   So, to help you feel fully confident in the investment you're
   about to make, let me take a minute or two to go ahead answer
   some of the most common questions I get asked right now.
    1. How does The Easy DIY Power Plan work?

   The device uses the endless power principle used to make the
   electric cars constantly charge themselves from the wheels when
   not being accelerated. It’s a unique concept that can be used
   in every home.
    2. What's Maintenance Like?

   There's no maintenance whatsoever because the system powers
   itself continuously. It’s a self-sustainable device.
    3. Is the Easy DIY Power Plan Hard to Build?

   Not at all. When Jason was helping me to come up with the
   designs, I was adamant that this would be incredibly simple to
   build.

   There's very little physical labor, so even the elderly or
   those with a bad back or other ailment should have no problem
   making it.

   As a result, there are just a small handful of materials
   required, and you should allow several hours total for
   construction.

   If you're still feeling nervous, remember that the instructions
   are clear as day. Simply follow them and you’ll build it. It's
   really that straight forward.

   Plus, if you do get confused for even a second, don't forget to
   take advantage of your free lifetime support that's included.
    4. What's Included Again?

   Inside, you'll get my comprehensive guide showing you exactly
   how to build your own "Easy DIY Power Plan".

   I made this guide with an "over-the-shoulder" approach, so it's
   basically like I'm there in the room building it with you.

   You'll get the blueprints, full color step-by-step directions
   and the full materials list.

   PLUS, your investment today will come with unlimited lifetime
   support.

   This means you can email me anytime I have a question, and I'll
   promptly respond to you.
    5. Is There A Guarantee?

   YES! Once you place your order, you have a full 60 days to
   check out the guide, blueprints, and instructions.

   Just follow along, and once you start building your system will
   be up and running in several hours.

   If at ANY point you are unsatisfied, or change your mind about
   this, just send me an email and I will refund your entire
   investment – no questions asked.
    6. I'm Ready! How Do I Get Started?

   Simply click on the "Buy Now" button you see below. You'll then
   be taken to my 100% secure checkout page, where you'll enter
   your order information.

   After you've completed your order, you'll have access to my
   special "members only area".From there, you can instantly
   download everything.

   Remember, you have a full 60 Day money-back guarantee here,
   along with unlimited lifetime support.

   So, go ahead and seize your energy-independence now clicking
   the yellow button.

     In order to keep him anonymous, the author used a pen name:
                             Ryan Taylor

     [6]HOME | [7]DISCLAIMER| [8]TERMS & CONDITIONS | [9]PRIVACY
          POLICY | [10]REFUNDS | [11]AFFILIATE| [12]CONTACT

               Copyright © 2019 EasyDIYPowerPlan.com

                   [13]DMCA.com Protection Status

   While all attempts have been made to verify information
   provided in our website and publication, neither the merchant
   nor the author assumes any responsibility for errors, omissions
   or contrary interpretation of the subject matter herein. All
   products presented here are strictly for informational purposes
   only. The story and presentation are created strictly for
   promotional purposes only. Some home alteration alternatives
   may be illegal in your town, city, state, province or country.
   It is your responsibility to inquire with your local authority
   about how to proceed if restrictions apply. The product is an
   experiment, it was not technically assessed and has not been
   individually producted nor small-scale produced or
   mass-produced. Although we have not encountered a problem, you
   still must consult with your local authority.

   [14]Read more here.

   ClickBank is the retailer of products on this site. CLICKBANK®
   is a registered trademark of Click Sales Inc., a Delaware
   corporation located at 1444 S. Entertainment Ave., Suite 410
   Boise, ID 83709, USA and used by permission. ClickBank's role
   as retailer does not constitute an endorsement, approval or
   review of these products or any claim, statement or opinion
   used in promotion of these products.

   The thoughts and opinions expressed here are those of the
   seller(s) alone and do not necessarily reflect the views of
   Click Sales, Inc., its parents, subsidiaries or affiliates. The
   products, information, and other content provided by this
   seller are provided for informational purposes only. In the
   event of any problem with products that customers purchase
   through this seller, customers agree that their sole remedy is
   from the seller, if any, in accordance with any seller
   warranties and/or seller refund policy.

   [15]Get 45% OFF NOW!

   Click The Button Below Right Now And
   Save $22 On The Entire Program!
   [16]Click Here

   This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll
   assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.
   Cookie settingsACCEPT

   Privacy & Cookies Policy

   (BUTTON) Close

Privacy Overview

   This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you
   navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies
   that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as
   they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of
   the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us
   analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies
   will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also
   have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of
   some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing
   experience.
   Necessary
   [X] Necessary
   Always Enabled
   Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to
   function properly. This category only includes cookies that
   ensures basic functionalities and security features of the
   website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
   Non-necessary
   [X] Non-necessary
   Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the
   website to function and is used specifically to collect user
   personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are
   termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure
   user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
   SAVE & ACCEPT

References

   Visible links:
   1. https://easydiypowerplan.com/feed/
   2. https://easydiypowerplan.com/comments/feed/
   3. https://easydiypowerplan.com/wp-json/oembed/1.0/embed?url=https://easydiypowerplan.com/index_tsl_cb/
   4. https://easydiypowerplan.com/wp-json/oembed/1.0/embed?url=https://easydiypowerplan.com/index_tsl_cb/&format=xml
   5. https://powerefficiencyguide.com/wp-content/uploads/video/explproof.mp4
   6. https://easydiypowerplan.com/index.php
   7. https://easydiypowerplan.com/disclaimer_cb/
   8. https://easydiypowerplan.com/terms_cb/
   9. https://easydiypowerplan.com/privacy_cb/
  10. https://easydiypowerplan.com/refunds_cb/
  11. https://easydiypowerplan.com/affiliate
  12. https://easydiypowerplan.com/contact_cb/
  13. file://www.dmca.com/Protection/Status.aspx?ID=bbc7f768-24cb-4395-9a23-d50d38929fe8
  14. https://easydiypowerplan.com/disclaimer_cb/
  15. https://easydiypowerplan.com/bestdeal_cb/
  16. https://easydiypowerplan.com/bestdeal_cb/

   Hidden links:
  18. https://easypp.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=39&cbfid=44843&template=11&exitoffer=11&vtid=tsl
  19. https://easypp.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=39&cbfid=44843&template=11&exitoffer=11&vtid=tsl
  20. https://easypp.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=39&cbfid=44843&template=11&exitoffer=11&vtid=tsl
  21. https://easypp.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=39&cbfid=44843&template=11&exitoffer=11&vtid=tsl
  22. https://easypp.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=39&cbfid=44843&template=11&exitoffer=11&vtid=tsl
  23. https://easypp.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=39&cbfid=44843&template=11&exitoffer=11&vtid=tsl
  24. https://easypp.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=39&cbfid=44843&template=11&exitoffer=11&vtid=tsl
  25. https://easypp.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=39&cbfid=44843&template=11&exitoffer=11&vtid=tsl
