Odd Little Power-Saving Trick Will Completely Change Our Lives

   Hi my name is Hank Tharp,

   And today, in this short and controversial video you’re going
   to discover a life-changing story of how I with the aid of a
   simple, mind-blowing device was able to SAVE myself and my
   family, heat our home and cook warm meals during the longest,
   most terrifying blackouts in American History.

   I’m going to reveal for the very first time how this
   revolutionary invention that can be used by ANYONE around the
   globe to generate whopping amounts of electricity can help you
   ameliorate your electric bill almost overnight…

                             [img0.jpg]

     I will also reveal how you, like the other 22,103 folks who
  have already successfully used the very same technique…can live
          a better life with more money in your pockets...

   I know your curiosity is piqued, and you want to know exactly
   how this simple system works right now.

   Honestly, what I'm about to reveal to you today will totally
   SHOCK you...and in a few minutes from now you’ll be FURIOUS
   that you ever gave a single thin-dime to those corporate
   fat-cats.

   So pay close attention to this short presentation for the next
   few minutes…

   And grab something to write with while you still can because I
   don’t know how long I'll keep this free presentation online...

   Yet, before we go any further, let me tell you who I am and how
   I found this very special and unique method...

   As I mentioned, my name is Hank Tharp, I’m a 53 year old
   personnel coordinator from Akron, Ohio and I live just outside
   the town with my wife and daughter.

   Living here, I know that steep utility bills are somewhat of a
   burden and we have been dealing with this for longer than
   anyone cares to admit…

                             [img2.jpg]

   And while I’ve certainly never liked having to pay $220 or more
   per month to keep my home warm during the winters… or cool
   during our muggy summers…

   I’d always just accepted that “that’s the way it is”.

   In the summer of 2003, August 14th, however…all that changed…

   The absolute worst day of my life…A day known as “The Day The
   Lights Went Out”…

   Listen, here in Ohio blackouts are not something out of the
   ordinary…

   Yet, this time was different…

   We’d Just Been Hit By A Massive, History Making, Grid Failure…

   We suddenly found ourselves with no power, no internet, no
   fridge, no WATER, nothing…

                             [img8.jpg]

   It was going to get crazy, 4 hours in the extraordinary event –
   gridlock… heartbreak…emergency services were stretched thin.

   And to make matters worse…my wife Kerry was already 2 days
   overdue to give birth to our second child…

   I tried calling the electric company, yet they said that they
   were working to fix the problem as quickly as they could and
   that they had no realistic timeframe for when the light would
   come back on…

   First thing in the morning I went to check on my family and...

        What happened next made me stop dead in my tracks…

   That was the moment when I heard my daughter screaming…“Mommy,
   are you OK?”

   “Yes honey, your brother is just making a lot of movements in
   here…I think he’s coming…”

   Unsure what to do and feeling helpless to protect my family…

   I started panicking and we jumped in the car as fast as we
   could…My wife was putting pressure on me…”Hank I need you to
   hurry up…I need you to go faster”

   I was going as fast as I could…but with no stoplights on I
   gotta be careful, we gotta get there safe…

   Suddenly….BOOOM…somebody just crashed into our car…

   I dragged my wife out from the car and leaned her against a
   tree…“He’s not going to wait Hank… He’s coming now…”

  I shouted, begging for help…”HELP, My wife is in labor can you
                          please help…”

   A lady came to help us…to help my wife…and somehow she managed
   to give birth to our son…

   That woman instantly took us to her house nearby…

   When that door opened I felt a blast of AC coming from
   inside…and saw her husband watching TV...

                             [img4.jpg]

   He’s my husband Keith the women told us…

   Then she took my wife and daughter to the bathroom to give them
   first aid…And also called the ambulance…

I was so stunned, I couldn’t even speak at first.

   Left with Keith, I finally spit it out as I pointed to the
   room:

                        “How In The World?

                           What the? How?

     I mean. Are you powering all of THIS with a gas generator?

                   That’s not even possible.”

   Yet before I could ask any more questions…the ambulance came
   and we went directly to the hospital…

   My wife, my daughter and newly born son were safe and sound and
   we finally felt relived…

Yet, that was the single most devastating moment of my life.

   I felt like my world collapsed…

   I felt POWERLESS because there was nothing I could do to
   protect the ones I love…

   I decided at that very moment that I would NEVER put the safety
   of my family on the line like that ever again…

   After we came back from the hospital and things came back to
   normal…

   I immediately began researching every single energy-alternative
   I could find.

   I made it my sole purpose because leaving my family’s wellbeing
   in the hands of electric companies clearly wasn’t an option any
   more…

   Not only did their power lines always seem to go down during
   bad storms…

   But they’d been absolutely PRICE GOUGING me for more than a
   decade…

   And laughing all the way to the bank as they scooped thousands
   of hard-earned dollars right out of my pocket.

   So, I immediately began to look at alternatives that would help
   my family escape big electric’s monopoly on our safety.

                             [img5.jpg]

   I considered buying a heavy-duty generator.

   It would certainly be a good backup power source, and I did
   research this option pretty intensely.

   But to get a really good, high quality generator… something
   that could provide enough energy for my entire home, I was
   looking at a $1,000 investment.

   And that wasn’t including the cost of gas.

   Just try and power your home full time with a generator, you’d
   need to use about 90 gallons of gas per month… and at a cost of
   around $220 to do it.

   Plus, it’s not like I wanted to store 90 gallons of gasoline
   anywhere in my home anyways!

   So, realizing a generator wasn’t a real option, I began looking
   at solar power.

   Now we’ve come a long way when it comes to developing solar
   cells and they really can be effective.

   Still, in a place like Ohio, where it can be overcast for a
   month straight during the winter… depending on solar panels was
   still shaky at best.

   Yet, to have panels professionally installed would have cost me
   $11,000 – money I CERTAINTLY didn’t have lying around…

   And trying to get a DIY solar kit also seemed pointless,
   because not only did they cost anywhere from $500 to $1,000…

   Almost every review I read online said that they rarely
   produced even 20% of the energy that their manufacturers
   advertised.

That Left Me With Only One Option...

   If I was going to make sure I never let my family down again…
   and to get us safe forever, I needed to create my own solution.
     * Something cheap that I could build in NO TIME
     * Easy to move. If I needed to bug out of town, it should be
       easily transportable.
     * Shouldn’t use a limited power source to generate
       electricity. If there’s no sun, no gas or wind it should
       still work fine without interruption.

   So, I locked myself in my study, sat down in my favorite
   reclining chair and put my MIND to WORK.

   Many sleepless nights passed and I was getting tired of surfing
   the Internet for a simple solution.

   Yet one day, my wife reminded me about the family that helped
   us when our baby boy was born…

   And how they managed to have all the power they needed when the
   world outside was burning in flames…

   As you can imagine, I HAD to know more. If I’d known whatever
   Keith’s secret was BEFORE the tragic incident, I could’ve
   totally avoided the nightmare we’ve gone through…

   Well, you’d better believe I didn’t waste any time and went to
   his door…I was going to pick his brain out about everything he
   knew…to show me how he did it.

   Keith happily agreed to show me what he used in those days of
   panic and despair…

   “Let me show you” is all he said as he headed towards the
   garden shed.

And when I saw it, it blew my mind…

   He pointed his finger at a small device the size of a suitcase…

   It was so silent that you couldn’t even hear it running.

   Turns out Keith worked as a mechanical engineer and was a
   renewable energy enthusiast.

   His life-goal was to save the planet and offer our children a
   better life.

   As a dedicated researcher in this field he invested in the
   resources he needed to do it.

   And, setting his goal to “Help developing countries”, as he
   said, he dedicated his life to discovering new technology.

                             [img6.jpg]

   And he did a thorough research.

   He told me how biomass gasifiers can be used to produce huge
   amounts of energy in third world countries.

   And how they used pretty much every kind of waste, burn it and
   produce an efficient gas that can be later converted to
   electricity.

   While something like this might actually work pretty well for
   creating a backup power source of energy…

   Keith told me…”There was ZERO chance my family would get on
   board with such an instable and possibly dangerous energy
   source.”

   So he moved on, trying to find a viable solution…

Until the day he realized the answer to all his problems was sitting
under his nose all this time…

   He explained that years ago he’d realized that a particular
   rotational principle that is still being used in today’s
   vehicles could be the solution he was looking for.

                             [img7.jpg]

   Everybody, including top engineers was shocked to see how
   brilliant the idea was.

   You’re probably thinking that there’s no way something so
   mainstream like the rotational conversion could hold the key to
   the safety and wellbeing of your family…

     Yet he told me the initial tests literally blew him away…

   I insisted to tell me how it worked…to explain more…

   As you probably already know, in nature, there are many power
   sources that haven’t yet been tapped into…

   Because they’re limited to specific motions…like those of the
   handle of a tire jack.

   Yet Keith’s real secret laid in accepting either full or
   semi-rotational movements in any direction and converting, then
   boosting them into a solid, powerful one way rotation.

   What you may not realize however, is just how much energy such
   a principle can produce and how many applications it can have.

   The true secret of this energy is that it's so simple to
   obtain.

   And the fundamentals are so easy, yet few know this secret and
   it is rarely used.

   So, if properly applied, it can produce insane amounts of
   energy.

   Keith tweaked it until it was giving out almost three times
   more power at only half the input…and used the energy to
   regenerate the system all while it provides power for whatever
   you need.

That was the solution to my problem!

   As you can imagine, I HAD to know how this so-called “energy
   convertor” worked, and if I could duplicate it for myself.

   After an hour of not understanding a single thing he told me, I
   was totally discouraged.

   I struggled to understand, yet I didn’t have a technical bone
   in my body, so I had no idea what all these numbers and
   equations meant.

   So I asked…“Is there a way to simplify everything you just
   explained?”

   “Think about all the people you could help,” I said.

   “This could save lives. Thousands of lives.

   If only people could learn how to quickly and easily recreate
   your system themselves.”

   I could see he loved the idea of helping people.

   Heck, he’d just helped me and my family from avoiding a tragedy
   and starving, so the thought of helping thousands if not
   millions in the same way really appealed to him.

   However, I insisted that:

     * The system we come up with had to be incredibly cheap to
       build…
     * And I couldn’t stress enough that it had to be cakewalk to
       construct…

   Something I could hands down explain to my family how to put
   together if God forbid SHTF again.

   So we swing into high gear and began working on the project
   together.

   The first models we made were either too expensive, or too
   complicated for me to build.

   Keith wanted to bump me off a few times, mostly because of me
   being a hard head – I needed the device to be affordable and
   simple.

   Ultimately, after several tries, and more than 6 months of
   struggle...

We finally managed to create a design that looked to be what we were
searching for.

   The model was GENIUS...

   We only used a couple of sprockets, a stainless steel shaft,
   some ring gears and 2 pinions.

   Put together, the parts and tools cost us $208 at Lowe's...

   Plus, I’m sure we could have found the parts for less at garage
   sales, online or even free at the local junkyard.

   And the best part was that this ingenious design was completely
                                safe.

   No fire, no dangerous gases released, so we were absolutely
   positive that the possibility of any unwanted event was
   completely ruled out

   You simply had to place the parts in the right order and at the
   right spot…

   And because of the remarkable way the device was constructed…

   It generated an extraordinary amount of power…

   Which was then immediately captured, boosted  and converted
   into usable electricity …

   On top of it all, the solution can work anywhere to power
   everything from small radios... to big refrigerators, big
   screen TVs, computers...

   It won’t take half of your backyard to assemble and it’s
   incredibly easy to connect…even if you have trouble using your
   toaster oven.

   Well, next we were eager to test everything out and see if we’d
   scored…to find out if it would really do the job as we first
   envisioned.

   We plugged the device to the inlet switch and we were totally
   shocked to find out that…

    The system immediately went to work…It was a HIT – a real
                               winner.

   And thanks to Keith’s clever technique…all of that energy was
   instantly captured...

   Providing a steady, robust supply of electricity right into my
   home.

   IFRAME:
   [1]https://player.vimeo.com/video/297929267?title=0&autopause=0
   &playsinline=1&byline=0&portrait=0

   While at the same time, the device was “regenerating”, without
   any intervention from our side.

   We connected it to a bunch of appliances in my home and also
   switched the lights on to see if it holds…

   And not only did it handle everything without a hitch…

   But we were running the refrigerator, the dishwasher, the
   television and all of the lights in our home with no problem
   WHATSOEVER.

   The naked truth, I almost couldn't believe my eyes at how pure
   and simple all of this was...

   It took me 3 hours to build one from scratch and a little over
   $200…

   And before I knew it, my own super efficient device was running
   on all cylinders.

   Once plugged in we continued our daily life for the rest of the
   month…and didn’t change our way of using the lights, AC or
   appliances in any way...

   And when that bill came at the end of the month…Well, you
   could’ve knocked me over with a feather…

62% off in the first month…

   And My Family Was Safe And More Confident.

   I loved the fact that I was teaching my daughter such a great
   lesson about not being dependent on ANYONE for your safety and
   wellbeing...

   And I felt so RELIEVED to know that my children would always
   grow up in a warm, safe and comfortable home.

   Fast forward to this day…

   Since then, we managed to save more than we ever dreamed of.

   And the generator holds true both in the coldest winter
   months...

   When the temperature can get down in to the negative tens...

   As well as in the hottest, muggiest days of summer, when the
   thermometer soars past 100.

   Plus, with just a small increase in scale, I managed to squeeze
   enough current from my device so the next bills were even
   sweeter…

   Not long ago…my friends and neighbors started asking me to show
   them my secret.

   As soon as I let them in on what the extraordinary system Keith
   and I designed was...

   Many had doubts about how something so small could generate so
   much power.

   Yet after they discovered the surprisingly simple step-by-step
   instructions...

   And followed them to create...

    Their own super-efficient "energy-producing station" in about
      the time it takes to assemble a piece of IKEA furniture.

   They QUICKLY started to believe…

   Because when they started to use this powerful, proven
   invention to power up their electrical appliances, the results
   were astonishing over and over again: having an overabundance
   of renewable, green energy that they could use WHENEVER,
   WHEREVER they needed…

   Having electricity worry free, running the AC at full power...
   keeping their televisions on, their lights at full glow, and
   their basements comfy, even their biggest energy hogs...

   News about my little home power plant traveled faster than I
   expected...

   And soon the number of phone calls and emails from people
   asking me to share the blueprints for my "one-of-a-kind energy
   system" were just too much...

   My wife started to lean on me and told me that I HAD to find a
   more efficient way to share this knowledge and breakthrough
   technology with the world.

   So I went back to the drawing board and spent months writing a
   detailed manual…not to mention testing everything to make sure
   anyone could build it in simple steps, And after a truckload of
   work…

The NOMAD Power System was born.

                         [coverbundle1.png]

                           Digital Product

   The NOMAD Power System is a simple, easy to follow step by step
   guide…showing you EXACTLY how to create your own “home power
   plant” TODAY… to drastically slash your electric bill in the
   next 30 days.

   You've no-doubt noticed that, the NOMAD Power System was
   specifically designed so that ANYONE – no matter what age or
   skill –can build it…even if you have trouble changing a light
   bulb.

 In fact, you’ll be shocked by how few steps there actually are…

   And how short the list of materials you need to build this is.

   Inside this system, which I’ll tell you how you can access in
   just a second…

   You’ll see exactly what those steps are, inside a
   professionally designed Manual that will help you build the
   system from start to finish.

   As I said…it took me over a year to develop a simplified method
   to build the system...(and don’t ask me about the costs)…I
   strongly believe it's IMMENSELY VALUABLE…

   And that’s not all…you’ll get the NOMAD Power System in
   electronic format so you can have instant access to everything
   from ANYWHERE…

   You’ll also receive detailed instructions that will show you
   EXACTLY how to assemble your system in less than 3 hours and
   how to connect it to any appliance.

   The list of materials cost less than $208 TOTAL and will last
   for years.

   But if you have a junkyard in your town, you can probably find
   about 90% of those materials for FREE.

   Additionally, you’re also going to find out how to manufacture
   your own parts and pieces with the minimum effort, a full list
   of tools and how to use them properly to build your system…so
   you’ll have an UNRESTRICTED amount of power inside your home.

   And on top of all of that…

The NOMAD Power System is virtually maintenance free.

   There’s no fire, no burning, no dangerous gases being released…

   In fact, there's very little to spend at all…no maintenance
   costs... breakdowns... clouds...bird dropping...noise...and all
   the things that you have to be worrying about.

   Instead, all you have to do is start the system and enjoy - The
   device is basically "set and forget".

    To date, more than 22,103 families have used this exact same
     system to discover the joyfulness and peace that comes with
                      RENEWABLE ELECTRICITY…

   So with all of that being said, I want you to pause and think
   about this for a second…

   How good will it feel to literally save 62% or more on
   electricity bills for good ?

   To never have to pay through the nose on electricity
   again...just to make the fat cats even fatter.

   To be able to turn on the AC as often as you want...without
   having to constantly hear that nagging voice inside your head
   telling you that you need to turn it off because you’ll end up
   paying a fortune.

   How proud you and your family are going to be when you join the
   other 22,103 men and women who have already stopped looking for
   "miracles" and decided that they are DONE with contributing to
   the PROBLEM and with playing the price gouging game.

   How will you chose to spend all your extra savings?

   Will you put it away towards your wife’s dream kitchen?

   Will you take your children on a road trip once a month?

   Will you use it help pay off your mortgage faster?

   In just several years from now, using a system like this in
   your home will have saved you at least $12,000… probably closer
   to $20,000.

   So, I want you to think about what impact this kind of savings
                       will have on your life.

   Of course, you could try other options out besides this…

   There’s solar power - Everybody can get solar panels up on the
   house or in their yard...

   That’s if you can afford shelling out $10,000 or more for a
   professional system…

   Or $800 for a DIY Solar Kit that requires a degree in
   engineering just to setup?

   And how much sunlight is directly hitting your home during the
   short, cold days of winter?

   You could try buying a generator.

   Yet, the costs for such a system are in the hundreds per month
   range – just for fuel.

   And don’t forget that after a few months of operation as a main
   power source there WILL be breakdowns…

   And I don’t have to remind you about the fumes, the noise and
   other unpleasant facts…

   They’re simply not built for this purpose…

   Why risk failure and frustration trying either of those options
   out, when...

     I've done the hard work FOR you by creating the NOMAD Power
                               System

   A system that's been tested for years by thousands of
   successful energy enthusiasts and PROVEN to work guaranteed.

   You could be getting complete control as soon as tonight…

   This is my promise to you: if you use the professionally design
   manual, the step-by-step blueprints, the illustrated
   instructions, and the materials cheat-sheet that I’m giving to
   you…

   You will create an ultra low maintenance, ultra efficient power
   generator that works just as well as your current power source.

   And given all of that…

   You may be feeling a bit unsure of where and how to get
   started?

   And ask yourself what the price will be for the full
   step-by-step manual, the blueprints, the parts & tools list and
   everything else that’s included.

   Well first of all, let me just be clear about it, there is no
   system like this available anywhere in the world.

   The NOMAD Power System is the result of Keith’s extensive
   expertise in the renewable energy field...

   However, beyond all the brilliant innovations that have gone
   into creating this unbelievably effective System…

The NOMAD Power System is about something bigger and more important
than energy…

   It’s about being prepared and keeping your family safe.

   I want to tell you exactly why I am so steamed up about getting
   the NOMAD Power System into your hands…

   And that’s because I went to hell and back and I NEVER want you
   to go through what I went through…

   I want to offer you the golden opportunity today…to make sure
   that your home is filled with warmth and love…

   That you have your own nest egg to ensure you and your family
   get the things their heart's desire …

   From school clothes to smile-filled vacations.

   Saving an extra $1,250 up to $2,400 a year is a pretty big
   deal.

   Especially since you can do it all without having to send your
   hard earned dime to the greedy bastards who are lining their
   pockets with your family’s hard-earned money.

   Ultimately, this is about taking action TODAY…

   So you won't have to worry about rising utility bills till hell
   freezes over.

   Because once you plug in your “home-power plant”… it won’t
   matter if there’s a country wide blackout…electricity prices go
   through the roof… the world runs out of fossil fuels… or
   there’s a natural disaster or social unrest…

     You and your family will always be protected and constantly
     having enough green energy for cooking and preserving your
      food…NO LONGER at the mercy of FEMA and the Government.

   22,103 honest and deserving families have already made the
   smart decision and invested in the NOMAD Power System, and the
   normal off-the-shelf retail price is $149.

   I strongly believe, that’s a truly reasonable price –
   especially since you’ll save up to one thousand dollars next
   year… and up to $10,000 in the next several years.

   Yet, while I do think $149 for the NOMAD Power System is a
   complete steal…

   I am also aware of the hard times we’re all passing and just
   how hard it is to stay afloat in a world that just wants to
   drown you.

   I’ve been there too:

   I’ve held the hand of my wife and while she gave birth in
   UNHUMAN circumstances and felt WEAK and HELPLESS…

   I’ve felt like I had a gun to my head, like I was being forced
   to choose between going broke paying my bills…or putting my
   family’s safety at risk…

   That’s why, today only, and only on this page… I’m going to
   lower the retail price for the NOMAD Power System with more
   than 67%.

   So that instead of paying the normal retail price of $149,
   which is what more than 22,103 individuals have already gladly
   done…

   If you act today…

You’re going to get the entire NOMAD Power System for just $49.00

   That’s probably less than half of what you’re paying each month
   on electricity... and you can recoup that investment in as
   little as 30 days…

   Getting the blueprints for the NOMAD Power System is easy!

                       [2][bundlevsl-rsz.png]

                           Digital Product

Just click the big, shiny, inviting “BUY NOW” button that just
appeared below…and you’ll be taken to our secure order page.

   [3][add-to-cart-button-2.png]

                            [cards2.png]

   You’ll be ready in just a couple of seconds, and finally,
   you'll arrive at our secure member's area where you will be
   given immediate access to the complete system.

   You’ll be able to view the complete guide, the blueprints, the
   illustrated instructions and the materials lists right from
   your computer, smartphone or tablet.

   You’ll also be able to download everything you want and need
   from your secure members page so you can have it handy…PLUS,
   you can even print everything out in as many copies you’d like.

   In addition to your instant access, I want to make sure that
   building the system and running it will be the easiest,
   simplest, and most pain-free experiences you ever have in your
   life.

         That’s why, when you take action and lock in your
    considerably-discounted price today, I'm going to sweeten the
       deal by tossing in Unlimited Customer Support for LIFE.

   Out of the 22,103 families who have already made the investment
   in the NOMAD Power System…

   Less than 12 people have had trouble setting up their system...

   So while there’s a really small chance that you’ll ever need
   assistance, I want to be sure as hell that if you do need any
   support…

   Me and my team will be right here to help you…

   After you’ve completed your order, you’ll receive my email
   address to answer any questions you might have.

   And if you have even an ounce of doubt or you’re somehow stuck…

   Even if you just want to make sure you’ve done a step right
   (better to be safe than sorry)…

   Simply send me an email…I’ll never leave you hanging...either
   myself or my Support Team will get back to you quickly with any
   questions you have, so you'll always feel taken care of...

      There is only one thing standing between you and monthly
         savings of $160 or more on your electricity bill…

And that’s the orange button you see below right now.

   [4][add-to-cart-button-2.png]

                             [cards.png]


    Yet, if you’re still having second thoughts about the NOMAD
     Power System, then there’s one more thing you should hear
                              about…

   I want you to try this on me, so you do NOT have to make a
   decision right now, by taking advantage of my “Unconditional No
   Questions Asked, Money Back Guarantee” for 60 full days.
   [badge-60-day.png]


   Here’s how it works:

   Get your copy TODAY by clicking the orange “BUY NOW” button you
   see right now…

   You’ll immediately be able to review everything that’s
   included…the manual, the blueprints, the parts list, the
   unlimited lifetime support...

   Marvel at how easy it is to make your own electricity with the
   NOMAD Power System…

   Watch how quickly your power meter slows down the moment you
   plug in your system.

   And see what’s like to take your electricity bill down to
   almost nothing…by the end of the month.

   But if for any reason you are not 100% satisfied in EVERY way…

   Or if you’re less than thrilled with how much you’re saving on
   electricity…

   Just write me a short email at the address you’ll find in the
   members area…

   And I'll gladly refund your purchase price…No questions asked,
   no hassles, and no hard feelings…
   [60-day.png]

   The NOMAD Power System saved us more than $2,400 in energy
   costs since first building it a few years ago…

   And even as you’re reading this, the NOMAD Power System is
   helping more than 22,103 hard working families reduce their
   power bills by 62% or more, overnight, every month, for the
   rest of their lives…

   TODAY is your day to CLAIM your power and take responsibility
   and join all of us in the fight against the energy monopolies.

   And you have 60 full days to try it, ON ME - risk-free!

   The way I see it, three paths lie in front of you.

   You could just do what most people do: Click away, leave this
   site behind... you know, for "a few more days?"...which turns
   into months...even years?

   Keep feeling like you`re going to have a heart attack every
   time you open up your electric bill…

   Wondering why on earth haven’t you made the smart decision to
       click ONE button and try the NOMAD Power System totally
                             risk-free?

   Of course, there's a second path…keep acting like a "power
   Nazi" around the house, constantly worrying about every last
   watt of power...

   Keep sweating your ways through the summers and freezing your
   way through the winters all because you want to save a few
   bucks.

   Or end up having your wife ignore you for the rest of the day
   after you scream at her for forgetting to turn off the AC when
   they left.

   But why in heavens name would you knowingly make that decision?

    Especially when all you have to do is click the “BUY NOW”
       button you see below and try The NOMAD Power System for
                 yourself right now, 100% risk-free.

                       [5][bundlevsl-rsz.png]

                           Digital Product

   [6][add-to-cart-button-2.png]

                             [cards.png]


   Do that and you’ll gain instant access to the complete NOMAD
         Power System in just a few minutes from right now.

   You’ll also get the same relaxed feeling that comes with not
   owing anyone a single red cent for as long as you live…

   You’ll receive unlimited, lifetime support…

   And with our generous 60 day guarantee, there`s really no way
   you can lose.

   I think your decision is pretty obvious, but I can’t click that
   orange button for you.

   So you need to act fast if you don't want to miss out on the
   opportunity of a lifetime!

   Join the 22,103 thrilled families who have realized that there
   is a better, simpler, and a more cost-effective way to power
   their homes…

   I look forward to seeing you inside the “members only” area in
   a few moments.

     Get started now by clicking the “BUY NOW” button below.
   [7][add-to-cart-button-2.png]

                             [cards.png]


Still Here ?

   No worries!

   I know that sometimes it can be scary to take that first step
   and you probably have a few questions.

   So, to help you feel fully confident in the investment you’re
   about to make, let me take a minute or two to go ahead answer
   some of the most common questions I get asked right now.

Q: How does NOMAD Power System work?

   A: The device uses the rotation conversion principle used in
   many vehicles, in clutches and differentials. The brilliant
   design converts multi-directional circular movement to
   electricity. It’s a unique concept that can be used in every
   home or emergency situation.

Q: What’s Maintenance Like?

   A: There’s no maintenance whatsoever because the device is a
   “one-time build”.

Q: Is the NOMAD Power System Hard to Build?

   A: Nope. When Keith was helping me to come up with the designs,
   I was adamant that this be incredibly simple to build.

   There’s very little physical labor, so even the elderly or
   those with a bad back or other ailment should have no problem
   making it.

   As a result, there are just a small handful of materials
   required, and you should allow about three hours total for
   construction.

   If you’re still feeling nervous, remember that the step-by-step
   manual is designed with you in mind. Simply follow each step
   and you’ll be there in no time. It’s really self-explanatory.

   Plus, if you do get confused for even a second, don’t forget to
   take advantage of your free lifetime support that’s included.

Q: What’s Included Again?

   A: Inside, you’ll get my comprehensive guide showing you
   exactly how to build your own NOMAD Power System.

   I made this manual with an “over-the-shoulder” approach, so
   it’s basically like I’m there in the room helping you build it.

   You’ll also get the blueprints, full color step-by-step
   directions and the full materials list.

   PLUS, your investment today will come with unlimited lifetime
   support.

   This means you can email me anytime you have a question, and
   I’ll promptly reply.

Q: Is There A Guarantee?

   A: YES! Once you place your order, you have a full 60 days to
   check out the manual, blueprints, and instructions.

   Just follow along, and once you start building your system will
   be up and running in around three hours.

   If at ANY point you are unsatisfied, or change your mind about
   this, just send me an email and I will refund your entire
   investment – no questions asked.
   [badge-60-day.png]

Q: I’m Ready! How Do I Get Started?

   A: Simply click on the “BUY NOW” button you see below. You’ll
   then be taken to my 100% secure checkout page, where you’ll
   enter your order information.
   [8][add-to-cart-button-2.png]

                             [cards.png]


   After you’ve completed your order, you’ll have access to my
   special “members only area”.

   From there, you can instantly download everything.

   Remember, you have a full 60 Day money-back guarantee here,
   along with unlimited lifetime support.

   So, go ahead and seize your opportunity now by clicking the
   orange buy button below.
   [9][add-to-cart-button-2.png]

                             [cards.png]

     * [10]Disclaimer
     * [11]Privacy
     * [12]Terms and Conditions
     * [13]Refunds
     * [14]Anti-Spam Policy
     * [15]References
     * [16]Affiliate Disclosure
     * [17]Contact Us

   In order to keep him anonymous, the author used a pen name:
   Hank Tharp

       While all attempts have been made to verify information
    provided in our website and publication, neither the merchant
   nor the author assumes any responsibility for errors, omissions
   or contrary interpretation of the subject matter herein. Please
   take into consideration that results may vary. The information
    contained in this site is provided for informational purposes
     only, and should not be construed as advice on any subject
     matter. The story and presentation are created strictly for
    promotional purposes only. You should not act or refrain from
      acting on the basis of any content included in this site
        without seeking professional advice. Reliance on any
    information provided by this site and others appearing on the
   site is solely at your own risk. The site and its contents are
                    provided on an "as is" basis.

   Some home alteration alternatives may be illegal in your town,
   city, state, province or country. It is your responsibility to
      inquire with your local authority about how to proceed if
    restrictions apply. The product is an experiment, it was not
    technically assessed and has not been individually producted
   nor small-scale produced or mass-produced. Although we have not
    encountered a problem, you still must consult with your local
                             authority.

   ClickBank is the retailer of products on this site. CLICKBANK®
      is a registered trademark of Click Sales Inc., a Delaware
    corporation located at 1444 S. Entertainment Ave., Suite 410
   Boise, ID 83709, USA and used by permission. ClickBank’s role
     as retailer does not constitute an endorsement, approval or
     review of these products or any claim, statement or opinion
                used in promotion of these products.

   Copyright © 2018 & Above nomadpowersystem.com

                   [18]DMCA.com Protection Status

   IFRAME:
   [19]https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-NH37FP

References

   1. https://player.vimeo.com/video/297929267?title=0&autopause=0&playsinline=1&byline=0&portrait=0
   2. https://nomadps.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=49&cbfid=37286&template=form2&vtid=tsl
   3. https://nomadps.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=49&cbfid=37286&template=form2&vtid=tsl
   4. https://nomadps.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=49&cbfid=37286&template=form2&vtid=tsl
   5. https://nomadps.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=49&cbfid=37286&template=form2&vtid=tsl
   6. https://nomadps.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=49&cbfid=37286&template=form2&vtid=tsl
   7. https://nomadps.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=49&cbfid=37286&template=form2&vtid=tsl
   8. https://nomadps.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=49&cbfid=37286&template=form2&vtid=tsl
   9. https://nomadps.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=49&cbfid=37286&template=form2&vtid=tsl
  10. https://www.nomadpowersystem.com/disclaimer_cb.html
  11. https://www.nomadpowersystem.com/privacy.html
  12. https://www.nomadpowersystem.com/terms.html
  13. https://www.nomadpowersystem.com/refunds.html
  14. https://www.nomadpowersystem.com/anti-spam.html
  15. https://www.nomadpowersystem.com/references.html
  16. https://www.nomadpowersystem.com/affiliate-disclosure.html
  17. https://www.nomadpowersystem.com/contact.html
  18. file://www.dmca.com/Protection/Status.aspx?ID=3956d312-1070-47b4-a1c6-29c9dd02f886
  19. https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-NH37FP
