   ATTENTION:The following message is for families…

HOW TO AVOID BEING ROBBED, CARJACKED, KIDNAPPED, SEXUALLY ASSAULTED
OR WORSE!

   Will you make this life or death mistake when cold-blooded
   killers attack?

   The clock flashes 2:21 a.m.… you jolt awake to the sound of a
   gun going off…Beside you your wife screams in agony as blood
   pours down her face… your heart races in your chest… you panic
   at the realization that you are not alone.

   Desperate thugs have forced their way into your home to steal,
   rape and kill…

What you do in the next 5 seconds will determine if you and your
family survive or die…

   This is no joke!

   So pay close attention and listen to every word of this 6
   minute presentation and take notes because you absolutely need
   to know this before it’s too late.

   Because this short, eye-opening video reveals how to survive
   ANY violence and life threatening attack!
   As well as uncovers the shocking lies taught by some of the
   most respected self-defense teachers.

   And teaches you…

How to protect your loved ones from
Multiple out-Of-Control assailants

   So stay with me until the end, do exactly what is shown and you
   will join thousands of confident and fearless Americans who can
   now win a fight in a couple of seconds, perform rapid gun
   disarmament and go toe-to-toe against multiple home invaders
   without getting hit.

   I know this might sound unbelievable, but I guarantee if you
   keep watching you will go from rookie fighter to advanced
   expert in the shortest time humanely possible, being able to
   inflict unbearable pain against trained fighters and even put
   an end to out-of-control mobs with a few blows. You will have
   the most practical, simple… and highest level of training to
   safeguard your family against brutal violence.

No matter how old, out-Skilled,
Out-Numbered or out-Of-Shape you are…

   ...and even if you suck at fighting, have zero time to train,
   hate martial arts and are scared out of your mind at the very
   thought of a confrontation then you absolutely need to keep
   watching this to the end, as I will pull back the curtain and
   show you how easy, quick and deadly this can be even in the
   hands of a complete amateur.

   In fact this is so effective that even a 71 year old pensioner
   crippled with arthritis can deliver within seconds an untold
   amount of pure animal viciousness that can overwhelm any number
   of attacker’s armed or unarmed.

   As this isn’t about how strong you are or how skilled you think
   you are at martial arts.

   The fact is, my research has proven that those who have studied
   martial arts are actually at a disadvantage because they’ve
   been spoon fed dangerous lies and instructions that for the
   most part simply doesn’t work in the REAL world.

   Trust me, even though you THINK you’ve heard and seen it all.
   There is nothing else like this available.
   [bruce_p.png]

   But first, you might be wondering who am I, and why should you
   trust me?

   Good question!

   I’m Bruce Perry, and I’m a security contractor and veteran
   martial artist trainer from Bronx, New York.

   You’ve likely never heard of me before and that’s because for
   the past twenty-two years…

I’ve been training the most elite men and women behind the scenes:
Air Marshalls and bodyguards through to those with ‘Deep combat’
military backgrounds and operatives whose jobs are to protect the
‘Who’s who’ in the world of government and entertainment

   These are the type of guys who love to fight and are paid to
   know how to protect themselves and clients in a fraction of a
   second, without causing a scene

   These are also the best-trained professionals in the world, men
   who MUST KNOW how to WIN a fight against trained killers,
   political assailants and the mentally unstable.

   And against predators who can strike at any moment, from any
   angle and with any weapon.

   They are the guys that come to me because among all the
   teachers of high level “lethal” combat out there… I’m the ONLY
   one who teaches… Real-world ‘self-preservation’ combat!

   …the kind of effective training that THE MOST ELITE bodyguards,
   soldiers, cops and security agencies use in order to win a
   fight in a couple of seconds without getting touched, and
   without getting hurt

   It’s fast, simple and extremely deadly against one or more
   opponents even if they appear bigger, meaner and stronger.

   That’s because…

There are no complex moves, no memorization nonsense and no stiff
training exercises…

   And in a matter of minutes from now I’m going to reveal to you
   how you can use it to your advantage!

   But first… you should know why I feel it’s important that I get
   this elite training into the hands of every American who is
   scared of being attacked, and wants to protect themselves and
   family against violent criminals who wouldn’t think twice about
   maiming or killing you.

   You see, long before I developed my unique self-defense system
   and taught it to countless bodyguards, Air Marshalls and
   military agencies.

   At a time when I had what most would have considered some of
   the best martial arts training around, I found myself in an
   extremely VULNERABLE situation.

   A situation that by all accounts I should have been PREPARED
   for but instead it blindsided me and sucker punched my ego and
   brought into question EVERYTHING I had been taught about
   self-defense.

   It literally tore away the false sense of security that I
   thought I had from installing a security system on a home,
   being a firearms owner and having a background in martial
   artist.

   And yet this terrifying and dangerous experience changed my
   life forever…

   So keep listening as…

It’s CRITICAL that you know this…

   Before March 27th, our quiet gated neighborhood had never once
   suffered from home invasions.

   In fact I assumed that my family home was the safest in the
   neighborhood as I had taught my wife to use a firearm, we had
   installed expensive state-of-the-art home security and with
   years of martial arts training I figured I was MORE prepared
   for the unexpected than anyone else.

   I COULDN’T HAVE BEEN MORE WRONG!

   On that night I witnessed how foolish I had been to think that
   any of that could protect my wife and three teenage girls from
   multiple home invaders who were armed.

   At exactly 2:21 I was jolted awake to the sound of a gun going
   off, looking back on it now I should have heard my wife getting
   out of bed before that, but I’m a deep sleeper.

   The next thing I knew I turned to see blood pouring down my
   wife’s face… and two masked men hunched over us yelling orders.

   What I later learned was my wife had awoken to a noise and
   grabbed our firearm beside the bed, just as I trained her to,
   and she fired it when they burst in.

   Like anyone trembling and fearing for their life she became
   paralyzed, and got pistol whipped.

   …barely comprehending the chaos that was taking place all
   around me, I felt completely helpless… even with all my years
   of martial arts training

   Now you have to understand physically, mentally and emotionally
   what was going on here, as so many people THINK they know how
   they would react in a surprise situation… trust me even if you
   have martial arts experience, your mind goes blank.

   I was literally in a complete state of PANIC!

   I couldn’t even begin to fathom how they got passed the
   security. No alarm went off!
   Fact is, at the time I wasn’t aware that even…

The most expensive home security systems have flaws…

   …and that any thief with a bit of sense can find them routing
   around the search engines…

   Everything in my mind was screaming ‘this shouldn’t have
   happened’ but with the smell of gun powder in the air, a gun
   pointing at me, and two huge intruders bellowing demands, all
   my questions went by the wayside.

   It was too late… I had made a foolish mistake of thinking I was
   prepared and I couldn’t undo it.

   My life and the life of my family were depending on me to
   protect them and I had no clue what to do.

   After they dragged our three daughters into the rooms and bound
   our mouths, ankles and wrists they began ransacking the house.

   Our only saving grace that night was the stupidity of the thugs
   who broke in… unknown to me they had already been to two other
   houses in our neighborhood that night and one of our neighbors
   had managed to escape their restraints and call the police.

   Trembling, sweating and with my heart racing a mile a minute, I
   can’t begin to tell you how relieved I was to hear the sound of
   sirens.

   …as that’s when they men bolted.

   But the nightmare wasn’t over…

   Beside the physical pain we had endured from being pistol
   whipped, the emotional wounds had created far more damage as…

I was humiliated in front of my family,
And each of us had our confidence torn apart…

   For months after that incident, my children suffered with
   terrifying nightmares that led to therapy and my wife blamed me
   for everything and anything.

   Daily arguments were filled with ‘what if’s’ and ‘how couldn’t
   you?’ and ‘you said’…

   And the humiliating truth was… she was right!

   I had said that the security system was fool-proof!

   I was the one who promised that knowing how to fire a gun would
   stop anyone!

   And I had also said that being trained in martial arts would
   definitely protect them from intruders…

   …I was wrong!

   All my promises fell flat after that night… and the anguish
   didn’t stop there…

Even after moving to a new neighborhood where crime was meant to be
lower, it did little to alleviate the fear that my family felt…

   Even though our home is now within ten minutes from the local
   police department, what we didn’t know is that from the time
   our neighbor had called the police to the time they arrived on
   scene, it had been almost twenty-five minutes.

   If it wasn’t enough that our family and two other families had
   been traumatized, they added insult to injury by speaking down
   to us because of the neighborhood we lived in and acted as if
   it was nothing more than a common burglary gone wrong.

   Can you imagine that?

   We lived in a GATED COMMUNITY, how could you get any safer?

   They took our names, got us looked at by a medic and put us in
   contact with victim support and then they were on their way.

   Just another day on the job for them, but for us…

It was just the beginning…

   And as for the security company… all our complaints fell on
   deaf ears.

   It seems there is fine print for a reason… and when we signed
   up for the service; it stated that their system CANNOT
   GUARANTEE SAFETY…and in the event that something goes wrong… lo
   and behold…they aren’t to be held responsible!

   I was furious at them, but even more furious at myself for
   trusting others with my family’s safety.

   For months I chewed over what I could have, should have or
   would have done differently.

   My wife did everything I had taught her. She’d grabbed our 9mm
   but against multiple attackers, in the pitch dark and pumped
   with adrenaline. She had little chance… All the gun offered
   was...

A false sense of security!

   As for me, I was almost physically sick when first confronted
   by just how naïve and unprepared I was!

   By all accounts, I should have known what to do, I mean I had
   over 14 years of martial arts training… but this was again just
   a false sense of security

   What I realized fast is that unless you train for the
   unexpected, unless you train during your own adrenaline dump,
   you are going to freeze and panic in a real fight.

   Truth is, while I was angry at myself, I was really angry that
   none of the training I had received had worked to protect my
   family… And that’s because MOST martial arts trainers don’t
   train you on how to react in the REALLY TERRIFYING moments… and
   so you end up experiencing that dreaded ‘deer in the
   headlights’ panic and suffer for it.

   Both physically and emotionally I was distraught over the fact
   that I had failed…

I felt humiliated and embarrassed
That I had failed to protect my family…

   …and it was at the exact moment I made a decision to do
   something about it… to ensure my family NEVER again suffered
   through anything like that!

   Determined to find an answer… I returned to my work as a
   security consultant and focused all my time and attention on
   the FLAWS and OVERLOOKED LOOPHOLES…that allowed violent
   criminals to GET THE UPPER HAND AND WIN in any situation.

   I looked at the areas that martial arts don’t PREPARE YOU for,
   the areas that security systems can’t PROTECT YOU from…as I was
   sure this was the key.

   And here’s what I discovered… There is ONLY A FEW things that
   really work in ANY protection system…so I asked myself if it
   was the same with SELF-DEFENSE… If a criminal could get past a
   system that was designed to protect your home, the same could
   be said for a fighting system that was designed to protect your
   body, or your family

   Thinking about this… I thought back to ALL THE THINGS that we
   didn’t expect that night… panic, adrenaline, being outnumbered,
   dealing with armed assailants and being caught off guard.

   After an exhaustive year of STRIPPING AWAY every complicated
   martial arts move, method and strategy that didn’t work in a
   real situation, I honed in on only a FEW SIMPLE SELF-DEFENSE
   methods that win and extinguish violent acts in a matter of
   seconds on the street or in a home.

   You see here’s the most common problem…

Knowing the right self-defense response to take when you’ve never
trained for that situation is almost impossible…

   And when you have only seconds to stop a surprise attack, how
   do you pick the right one without you or your loved ones
   getting hurt?

   You see most martial arts trainers will teach you hundreds of
   complicated moves that take years of painful effort and
   dedication to master. And even then most are fancy moves that
   are based in fantasy not in reality.

   In fact... that’s why it’s not uncommon to find so-called
   martial arts ‘masters’ who have got the crap beaten out of them
   by a crack addict robbing them for a mere $5

   You see, the truth is self-defense courses are overloaded with
   complicated information that is filled with only a few
   effective moves, all the rest DO NOT WORK for the average guy
   in real life… when you have only seconds to react

   I know I’m stepping on a lot of toes here by saying all this,
   but I don’t care! I’m only concerned with teaching people what
   really works in real life. Nothing else!

   Yet perhaps the worst mistake of all – is believing you're
   tough enough to handle "crunch time" situations. You're not!
   Even black belt karate masters become frozen with fear when
   faced with armed carjackers. Martial artists are burglarized
   and robbed at knifepoint all the time.

   Simply believing that your desire to protect yourself and your
   loved ones is enough is a seriously foolish blunder that will
   get you killed. You need real-life skills... and you need to
   know exactly what to do when suddenly confronted by danger.
   None of this comes "naturally" to anyone.

   Even more important... you need to learn how to "fortify" your
   loved ones so they will be safe when you aren't around!

This means you must be taught
ONLY the simple moves that work!

   …fighting moves so natural, that you respond instinctively in
   ANY situation without thinking!

   Learning some fancy self-defense martial art like karate won't
   help you. Just buying a gun won't help. Neither will putting
   bars on all your windows, hiding your children in a tower, or
   driving around town in an armored tank.

   No. The skills you need are much simpler... and much more
   effective... than all that (even though they are almost
   completely unknown in the civilian world). And, if you'll let
   me, I want very much to share these secret skills and
   techniques with you

   And the best part is you only need a handful of these highly
   effective moves. You won’t believe your eyes when you see what
   you can do with these "REAL LIFE" fighting techniques. You can
   take everything you’ve ever learned in the martial arts and
   throw it out the window. You don’t need to know five kicks, six
   blocks and ten punches. It makes everything else OBSOLETE!

   This all-new "easy-to-learn" approach gives you hyper-advanced
   "upper level" fighting skills.

You’ve Never Seen Self-Defense
Techniques Like These Before In Your Life!

   In fact it has sent shock waves among the "insiders" of the
   fighting world because this devastating, easy-to-learn and
   all-new self-defense system is perfect for both
   professionals... and for "average guys". It covers the really
   nasty stuff that will jettison you overnight into the ranks of
   the most elite on the planet

   But what’s even more amazing... everything has been broken down
   to such simple basics so you can learn it all within an hour!

   You don’t need to be strong, or skilled in fighting (or even
   have any fighting experience at all).

   These are the simplest fight-ending techniques you could ever
   learn. Every move is devastating beyond belief – this isn’t
   "injure to degree", or "slap-and-run" self-defense... these are
   real fighting secrets you can actually watch and do to
   overwhelm multiple opponents who attack you in a dark back
   alley, in a Wal-Mart car park or inside your home.

   You see, what I discovered is something no other fighter on the
   planet has found out yet... the basic POWER-LOADED physics of
   fighting against any assailant, no matter what their size,
   strength or skill level. It taps into the same areas of
   vulnerability that all humans have on their bodies…and can even
   be traced to how the most insanely-vicious animals in the wild
   fight and win. For instance…have you ever seen footage of a
   tiger taking down a Buffalo? It’s the equivalent of a 130 lb.
   man dropping a pissed-off 380 lb. Sumo wrestler.

   That’s why it doesn’t matter how strong you are… or big you
   are… or how skilled you are…

That’s The Kind Of POWER You Are
About to Experience Yourself!

   Fact is, traditional martial arts aren’t vicious enough for
   modern day self-defense!

   When you see what I have for you in this SELF-DEFENSE system,
   you’ll understand that this is, truly, the NEXT STEP in
   face-to-face combat.

   It’s the first NEW approach to "instantly win" any fight…

   As it places you in direct contact with pressure points that
   can disable your attacker in a matter of seconds… these
   easy-to-reach, super-deadly and almost impossible to defend
   against areas are likely ones you have never even come across
   before.

   So forget long-winded street fighting… typical martial arts
   self-defense… or movie fights…

This is a "Cut-The-Crap", Down-And-Dirty fighting method designed to
defeat your opponent in the easiest way possible –Even under the
worst conditions imaginable and end the fight in Seconds…

   Now listen to this as this is important…

   What makes this so easy to learn is that your body and mind is
   ALREADY HARD-WIRED with a powerful instinct to survive.

   It’s true, that’s how we have survived for so long on this
   planet.

   Deep below the surface, you already have that natural drive to
   fight and defend yourself.

   But make no mistake — you may think you know where these
   sensitive spots are on the body but 97% of the experienced
   bodyguards who show up at my workshops to learn from me don’t
   even think about defending them.

   But if you know HOW to reach them without thinking about a
   million moves, then you can WIN any fight against anyone… a
   small person or someone much heavier and stronger... it all
   becomes automatic.

   And that's great news for you. Because...
     * It means you don't need special skills, or any previous
       martial arts training
     * It means you don't need any extra agility or speed
     * And it means you don't need to practice these moves to
       "get" them!

   And here’s another little thought…

   Once you know these spots you can end a fight in 2 seconds or
   less with the very first blow, and even stop multiple attackers
   wielding knives or guns.

   But get this…

   After pinpointing the MOST EFFECTIVE moves and distilling it
   all down so that even the slowest learner wouldn’t have to log
   5 years in some stupid dojo practicing blocks and kicks which
   may not be what you need when attacked in your home or in the
   street…

I compiled an easy-To-Apply, highly effective self-Defense system
that’s been field-Tested in homes, at government events and on some
of the meanest streets in the world against the most ruthless,
cunning and dangerous criminals…

   Using these special tactics which are simple to master you can
   go from an amateur to a feared and respected fighter in the
   shortest time possible without boring hours Of practice… and
   quickly neutralize and damage multiple attackers that are twice
   your size… without breaking a sweat…

   Listen, I have to admit…

   I was reluctant to teach these dangerous fighting secrets to
   civilians and I did think twice about releasing this…

   …as this is not “play nice” stuff. It goes far beyond every
   other fighting system and self-defense course you’ve ever seen
   — every single one — and makes them look like “child’s play”.

   In fact there are people out there who are OUTRAGED that I’m
   offering to teach ordinary people like you this super-secret
   face-to-face combat.

   But the memory of seeing my wife covered in blood and the fear
   in my daughter’s eyes is why I teach this.

   So putting together proven tactics that could be learned from
   home was a monumental task, but working with a group of expert
   bodyguards and government security who I had already trained I
   successfully developed a vicious, blood-tested self-defense and
   fighting system that works every time…

And, Most important…

   After teaching a group of 121 students with zero background in
   martial arts, varying sizes and strength, 42 of them felt such
   an overwhelming swell of confidence in their fighting ability
   that they offered to be willing guinea pigs and field-test it.

   So that’s what we did, I pitted them against some of the most
   highly skilled, world-class street fighters who make their
   living from winning fights.

   While there were no rules, and we restricted them from using
   the most life-threating moves, the results were astonishing.
   Out of the 42 who volunteered, every single one of them won
   their fight in the first round without getting hurt

   Needless to say, word about those fights got around fast… and
   countless promoters and fighters were outraged.

   Because not only had my students won, and publically humiliated
   world-class fighters but they had debunked every idea that
   people have about how hard it is to fight and win.

   But it wasn`t all bad news…

   My phone was ringing off the hook with countless people craving
   to know the secrets behind my `ultra-elite` fighting system and
   how they could use it to protect their loves ones.

   In fact even agencies and companies whose body guards protect
   high profile government officials and A list actors came
   crawling back begging me to train them when they had originally
   been skeptical and snubbed my service.

   And while the majority of my time these days is spent training
   special ops military, SWAT police and bodyguard companies
   behind the scenes… I`ve always wanted to get this into the
   hands of every American family.

   As let`s be straight right now…

Every single father, Mother and child deserves to feel confident and
know how to effectively defend themselves in sudden, unexpected and
murderous situations…

   And I don`t want on my conscience the thought of what I could
   have done to help others avoid what my family went through many
   moons ago.

   But as a highly sought after self-defense trainer teaching some
   of the busiest professionals in and around the nation`s
   capital.

   Needless to say, that`s where my problem lies…

   Trouble is with my training in such high demand, I cannot
   possible teach workshops to everyone… it`s virtually impossible
   as my calendar right now is booked up two years in advance… and
   that`s just with my current private clients.

   That`s why I decided to follow the advice of a good friend of
   mine and place the entire lethal combat self-defense system —
   that I usually charge my clients $500 an hour — online so that
   I can reach ordinary folks like you all over the world…

That’s how “The Patriot’s Self Defense System” came to be.

   But before I released it, I wanted to see how it faired with a
   group of ordinary families in my neighborhood, people who I
   knew had zero background in fighting or interest.

   I`m pleased to say the results were truly astonishing…
   [testi1.png]
   [testi2.png]
   [testi3.png]

   So with that said…

   Here`s my bullet-proof promise to you…

If you have the ability to press a play button and watch a couple of
videos…in less than 2 hours you can pick up and master these
astonishing self-defense and fighting skills that will stay with you
for life. And, with just the barest amount of practice… you will be
able to `leverage` your new skills into truly nasty tactics you can
`pull out’ anytime you need them to annihilate any opponent in
seconds…

So What Will You Get With The “Patriot’s Self Defense System”:
(Besides Peace Of Mind and Fearless Confidence)?

   While I have researched, prepared and put together the most
   important things you NEED to know in order to survive street
   and in-home attacks. Truth is, you really only need to use a
   few movements to triple your chances of survival…

   I’m telling you… this is simple common sense. Fast, Easy and
   Highly Effective self-defense and you can do it!

   There is nothing complicated about it.

   In fact when I set out to create this, I wanted to make sure
   that every single technique was both proven for ANYONE, and I
   wanted to over deliver and give you exclusive bonuses that
   would increase the odds of survival and give you massive value
   for your money.

   And I’m so convinced that this is going to save your life and
   your families that I’ve decided to go out on a limb and even
   provide a way for you to get your hands on the entire thing
   COMPLETELY RISK FREE TODAY, and show you how you can get
   started with all the essentials even if you are on a tight
   budget right now.

   Keep listening and I will show you how.

   But first, let me show you what you are going to receive!

   Immediately you will start by getting the…
   “How to Defeat Extreme Violence” Manual
   [cover_resized.png]

   You see, in this incredibly unique self-defense package. You
   are getting your hands on the world’s only proven, definitive
   manual on how to be prepared to survive any act of extreme
   violence.

   In fact, over the past twenty-two years I’ve led hundreds of
   bodyguards, special ops and police through the tactful art of
   what you MUST do in order to survive both surprise attacks on
   the street and in the home; like thugs who distract you while
   another sneaks up and attacks you from behind, home invasions,
   knife wielding lunatics, drunk and disorderly, out of control
   mobs, and skilled fighters looking for a brawl.

   Inside I’ve included everything you need, all the essential
   mental strategies and action steps that YOU must know and take
   before it’s too late in order to recognize a potential
   attacker, be ready to survive a surprise attack while
   eliminating desperate and violent attempts on your life in
   seconds.

   In over 250 pages, I expose the dirty little secrets that many
   martial arts instructors will never tell you…

   In this tell-all manual that is guaranteed to make sure you are
   in the 10% that will survive a violent attack. I literally take
   you and your family by the hand and give YOU a clear, simple
   and highly effective road map to follow without getting hurt
   while you do it.

   …Nothing is left out!

   This valuable solution is then backed up by…
   Over 40 Exclusive and Live Video Demonstrations!
   [tablet_resized.jpg]

   Let me tell you what you have here. It’s absolutely
   breathtaking.

   Imagine being able to hire me to come into your home or office
   and teach you right there!

   Well that’s exactly what you are getting here with this unique
   series of video demonstrations… just click play, turn up your
   speakers and watch, copy and do exactly what I say as I
   personally guide you over the “tough spots” with this
   step-by-step, insightful and experienced instructions.

   Suddenly you will notice all the mystery and confusion
   surrounding how to kill your attackers right away, maim them
   for life or just incapacitate them melt away like snowflakes in
   the sun.

   Here’s just a sampling of what you’ll find in these 40
   exclusive videos totaling over 1 and half hours of personalized
   self-defense and fighting instruction:
     * Incredible fighting moves you can master in less than a day
       (Including little surprises that will let you take down
       even drugged up a-holes twice your size and weight,
       instantly,  with your bare hands)
     *  The 7 clever and delightfully explosive surprises you can
       lay on an armed attacker…even multiple attackers, to put
       them all out of commission quickly and leave them weeping
       and seeping  on the ground . This covers the power of
       counter-intuitive techniques that always dim-witted street
       thugs always fall for, (literally),  and a long “What Not
       To Do” list - the common mistakes most people make which
       get them hurt or killed
     * The secrets of using the human body’s natural “fulcrums” to
       bring anyone to their knees in agony…the devastating
       techniques of joint manipulation that allows even a 75 year
       old with arthritis and a weak grip to break arms…with just
       a tiny “torque” of his wrist! (Imagine the devastation you
       could wreak with this ‘wrist flick’ knowledge alone)
     *  A proven way to expand your ‘spidey-sense’, so you can
       ‘feel’ when violence may erupt and when an ordinary
       situation may go to hell in a hand basket - before it does.
       Evolution has given you this psychic danger alert system;
       you simply need to awaken it.  So you’ll instantly know
       when people around you, no matter how friendly or helpful
       they may appear, intend to cause you serious harm - or are
       about to threaten your family or loved ones. (It’s a very
       good extra sensory perception to have for playing poker, or
       horse-trading, too)
     * A laughably-simple one-hand takedown that will bring any
       attacker, of any size and weight, to his knees! (Well,
       you’ll laugh about it - thugs will not. They’ll be too busy
       weeping in pain)
     * The ‘Paleo Die’ switch. You’ve heard of the Paleo Diet?
       Eating the food that cave men ate? Well this is the dark
       side of your cave man heritage. A switch in your mind that
       can turn you, from the gentle peace loving person you are,
       into a stone age ball of fury, with berserker disdain for
       pain and unstoppable hulk-like rage. Flipping your internal
       ‘Paleo Die’ switch is often enough to stop an assault
       immediately as even dim witted thugs quickly realize that
       you are no longer a victim, but a very dangerous wild
       animal, bristling and growling in an almost non - human way
       - and if they are foolish enough to not recognize the
       danger, you can follow through and leave little scraps of
       bloody meat all over the area. Just pray you don’t run
       across your local politician when you’re in this state.)
     * A Farewell to Arms - the most agonizing arm lock that a
       human can experience. Simple to master. Easy to use. Not
       only will you cause an attacker of any size blinding pain,
       you will incapacitate the arm for hours. Which will give
       you an opportunity to leave the scene safely - or to exact
       a painful and permanent revenge on this thug for daring to
       threaten you or yours.

   You get all this plus so much more that will motivate, teach,
   coax, propel and PUSH YOU to succeed at becoming an expert
   fighter who can deliver devastating blows within seconds.

   Just imagine… having the equivalent of MONTHS of "powerful"
   training with me, crammed into over forty videos.

   Think about... getting your hands on "full on" training that
   will take you from rookie fighter to advanced expert in the
   shortest time humanly possible! It's practical, simple… and the
   highest level of violence you’ll ever witness.

   Picture… being taught how to bring on the full "adrenaline
   dump" of actual combat, so you learn everything in the same
   emotional/physical/chaotic state you'll experience in a real
   fight!

There really is NO OTHER WAY TO EFFECTIVELY TRAIN! Learn this from
me… and you'll never panic again, no matter what happens!

   Plus, just like a one- two punch you will also receive…
   The Fighting System Manual That Binds It All Together…
   [psdcover.png]

   In this one-of-a-kind comprehensive manual I pull back the
   curtain and break down everything you saw inside these videos
   so you will never again be left guessing what to do next.

   Literally if you could have me sitting across from you in your
   home or office showing and telling you exactly what to do, the
   exact locations of pressure points, nerve nodes and vulnerable
   spots and how to leverage them to exert pain and control — this
   would be the result.

   Simply put, there’s no faster or easier way to instantly win a
   fight than by viewing these videos and the manual together.

   …Plus the confidence and safety you can now offer your loved
   ones (and yourself) is a gift that will enrich every part of
   your life from here on out

   I know from experience that, with even a bare minimum of
   effort, these amazing secrets can allow you to be the one
   family in one thousand in this country that can truly sleep
   well at night, and go anywhere with absolute confidence...

Knowing There Is No Way You Will Ever Be Surprised Or Victimized By
The Sleazy Criminals Who Want To Attack, Rob, Carjack Or Sexually
Assault You Or Your Family!

   Look - what I have to share with you isn't pretty…

   If you are in denial about the reality of the violence and
   perverted nature of the criminals now taking over every
   neighborhood in your town... then please walk away. I have
   stopped arguing with men about the need to protect themselves
   and their families like men... as the full responsibility that
   is on your shoulders as a man is yours to bear.

   So if you're still with me, congratulations. There aren't many
   men like you out there, with the guts to admit they need help
   protecting their home and loved ones.

   Sure, you may be a little anxious about it now, but allow me to
   demystify it all, including all the pressure points with…
   The FREE Strike Zone Map That I’m Including.
   [strikechartsmall.png]

   Yes, along with the studio quality videos and comprehensive
   manuals, you will get a strike zone map that lays out every
   vulnerable spot on the human body…let it sweep away any
   confusion as to which ones inflict the most damage and in just
   a very short time, you will be 100% confident about how to
   defeat every potential threat of violence… before it comes
   within spitting distance of you or your family!

   Listen, you know in your heart that it is your duty as a man to
   protect your family (and yourself). And you know in your head
   that crime is so out of control that murders and rapes and
   child abductions and torture don't even make the news anymore -
   they just get logged in the thick FBI books as another
   statistic!

   Yet not one man in one thousand has the slightest idea how to
   even begin defending his home and family against unexpected
   terror.

   What can you do? If you plan to "reinvent the wheel" by
   figuring it all out yourself... on your own...

I Can Tell You Right Now You Will Fail Without This!

   Remember, criminals are better prepared than you are, and have
   spent their entire lives learning how to use dirty tricks to
   beat the "average" guy (like you) in a fight… They're good at
   it, too... and even when they do jail time (which is rare),
   they spend their sentence learning new ways to get what they
   want.

   And what they want is what you have. Your money. Your
   happiness. Your life…

   Don`t let them steal it…

Now you can have the advantage, And Know that You Have A “Built In
Self Protection Shield” More Powerful Than Any Gun Or Knife… And Have
Done Everything Humanly Possible To Prepare And Defeat Any Criminal
Who Comes Hunting For You or Your Family…

   So now, what would you expect to pay for all of this amazing
   life-saving training?

   Well before you answer, consider this…

   None of this can help you unless you take action and unless you
   take the right path.

   Right now you’re standing at a split in the road and I know
   it’s not an easy decision to make as I’ve been right where you
   are.

   One path will take you into the group who make the most common
   and deadly mistakes.

   By thinking or saying…

   “That won’t happen to us”…”I can protect my family”… “I know
   what to do when things get serious”… or “criminals can be
   reasoned with”…

   Do you really want to take that chance?

   Do you really want to suffer from a home invasion, or find
   yourself running scared from violent mobs?

   Or placing your hope in a shaky police department that might
   show up too late, and only wishing you had used common sense to
   take responsibility for your life and the lives of your loved
   ones before it was too late.

   Or would you rather be in the smart group with those who are
   PREPARE for critical situations like:
     * The moment when that security system fails or they find the
       loophole
     * The moment when you can’t reach that gun in time because
       it’s locked up
     * That moment when someone attacks you or your loved one on
       the street
     * That moment when the police show up thirty minutes too late

   I think you are smart enough to know which group you should be
   in…

   And since the first step on your part is to take action. I want
   to make it as easy and painless as humanly possible.
   And I know the one way to do that is to create IMMENSE Value.

   Well, let’s do a fast comparison – last time I checked going
   through the years of research, preparation and work that I’ve
   done it would most definitely cost you upwards in the thousands
   to do the same…

Especially since there is NO OTHER complete self-Defense package like
this On the market…

   I’ve been told by others that it should be a lot more expensive
   than this.

   Yet as this is urgent and lifesaving information and I want to
   get it into as many Americans hands as possible. I’ve given a
   lot of thought to what I should charge.

   But before I get to that, here’s where it gets better. To
   sweeten the pot even more, not only will you get…
   [bundle1.png]
     * The “How to Defeat Extreme Violence.” 250 page Manual
     * Over 40 Exclusive and Live Video Demonstrations!
     * The Fighting System Manual That Binds It All Together
     * The FREE Strike Zone Map

But I’m also going to give you for FREE FOUR MORE additional SUPER
BONUES!

   That’s right when you click the order button below. I will also
   give you access to the highly coveted manuals entitled:
   Super Bonus: "How to Survive: When there’s No ring. No ref. No
   rules" (Valued at $27 – Yours Free Today) [Bonuscover1.png]

   Since I wrote the book and did the manuals and videos, I’ve
   developed 11 more devastating ‘drop and flop’ techniques that
   let you quickly ‘pavementize’ anyone who dares to threaten you
   with violence. Just a few more brutal, agonizing arrows for
   your smackdown quiver. And, if I do say so myself, these new
   easy to learn ones - The Magnificent 11 - are particularly
   vicious, cruel and bloodthirsty. It seems the more I think
   about it, the more punishment, pain and permanent damage  I
   want to inflict on any arrogant dull witted muggers that dare
   to infringe on your peace of mind.

   Hmmm? I wonder if I should talk to someone about that
   tendency?  (Nahhhh - my therapy is inflicting absolute agony on
   anyone who presumes to threaten me.)
   The 2nd Super Bonus Guide is: "Demystifying Violence” (Valued
   at $19 – Yours Free!) [bonuscover2.png]

   Violence is in all of us. There is an untamed beast within all
   of us. It is a part of human nature that no amount of culture
   has ever been able to eradicate. In most of us, though, it is
   deeply buried under many layers of social conditioning. This is
   why we are so traumatized by the thoughts of serial murderers
   or rampant violence in the streets. Why anyone could do such
   things is a total mystery to us.

   That’s why threats of violence against us, personally, are so
   shocking and paralyze us. We simply cannot comprehend what is
   going on.

   This comprehensive “Demystifying Violence” report is not a
   psychological treatise. It is a method which allows you to go
   from Zero to ‘Beast’ in fractions of a second.

   You are an animal at heart. A very dangerous one. You’ve just
   been domesticated. But that beast is always within you,
   snarling and growling and ready to rip and shred. And this
   report is like a trigger, which unleashes the ‘beast bullet’
   within you. Instantly. And frighteningly.
   Your 3rd Super Bonus Guide is: "Turbulence Fitness” (Valued at
   $17 – Yours Free When You Order Now!) [bonuscover3.png]

   In this report you’ll discover the 7 basic secret exercises
   that make your unleashed beast able to carry out havoc and
   mayhem. Even though these exercises are easy to do and can be
   done anywhere, by anyone, they actually install animal
   quickness and viciousness directly into your muscles and
   nerves…leaving it locked there until you need to pull the
   trigger and instantly let loose your beast bullet!

   Another plus - these new and simple exercises melt fat
   efficiently too…so if you’ve never experienced satisfactory
   results in your previous fitness efforts, it is my sincere
   belief that this document will put you on a better path toward
   new possibilities for you.
   Your 4th Super Bonus Guide is: "Women Self Protection” (Valued
   at $19 – Yours Free When You Order Now!) [bonuscover4.png]

   Never before has a report been so in demand as this one.

   Violence against women is at an all-time high and there’s never
   been a better time than now to learn specific strategies that
   can reduce, eliminate and prevent attacks on woman.

   I don’t have to tell you that being ready to protect yourself
   and your family is vital for survival and while I give you
   everything you need in the Patriots Self-Defense System…

   Inside this comprehensive report you will learn as a women how
   to fight back against domestic violence, rape and be better
   prepared against those who are bigger, stronger and have
   advantage over you.

Within minutes you will know what few will ever know!

   You can’t place a value on this type of information as it
   contains the best strategies that have been tested and proven
   by women.

   Now it’s clear that the cost of this entire package including
   all the super bonuses should be upwards in the thousands or
   more —considering this is priceless information you can’t get
   ANYWHERE else.

   But I’m not going to charge you anywhere near that amount. In
   fact, because I want to help another fellow American, your
   total investment for the entire “The Patriot’s Self Defense
   System” is just a one-time payment of $37 today!
   [1][add-to-cart-button-g.png]

                             [cards.png]

   …but I must warn you; this is a limited time price and it will
   be going up to $97 soon

   That's right for less than a good meal out you can take the
   next 8 weeks and access the entire self-defense package,
   immediately see everything and apply its time-tested proven
   defense and fighting techniques without risk.

   Go ahead click the order button below and you will be taken to
   our secure and easy order form and gain access to everything
   within minutes from now…
   [bundle2.png]
   [2][add-to-cart-button-g.png]

                             [cards.png]

   Now I know I’ve covered a lot in this presentation, and maybe
   you are still skeptical, I know I would be. Yet here’s where it
   gets even better…

   Listen, I’m so positive, so sure, so ridiculously confident
   that The Patriot’s Self Defense System package WILL save your
   life, your families and make you worry-free that I’m willing to
   let you…

Try it risk free before you decide if you want to keep it.

   [guarantee.png]

   Here's how it works…

   Try it for a full 60 days and if at any point you decide I’m
   wrong or you haven’t received 10 times the value you paid, I
   will give you a prompt 100% refund. No questions asked.

   Now I’ve done my part.

   I’ve put together a proven self-defense package of highly
   effective strategies, lethal techniques and deadly methods that
   YOU can use immediately.

   Your time is NOW.

   Your opportunity to be prepared for any attack is NOW.

   What will you do with it?

   Will you ignore it and hope that criminals doesn’t strike?

   Will you think about it and waste more time and money on
   expensive traditional martial arts, or useless advice from
   unknown self-defense wannabes?

   Or will you take this moment, and use it to stack the odds in
   your favor for that unexpected moment when danger shows up at
   your door?

You KNOW which choice makes sense so ACT NOW and get everything you
need to save your life and your families before it’s too late!

   Don’t expect your neighbors, firearm or local police to save
   you…as they won’t!

   Ultimately my mission here is to see as many hard working
   Americans benefit from this material as I can. I want to give
   it only to people who have decided they will USE IT.

   I’m hoping that’s YOU

   So if you want to get your hands on it, click the order button
   below now
   [3][add-to-cart-button-g.png]

                             [cards.png]

   Ok I’m nearly done, but I want to make a last-ditch effort to
   warn you of the consequences of not taking action.

   Almost no one understands the criminal mindset... except other
   criminals. You can't even begin to imagine what goes on in a
   sociopath's brain - these are animals who enjoy hurting people,
   who get a sexual thrill from torture, who need to humiliate you
   in order to feel alive. The threat of jail holds no fear for
   them. They shoot when angry, rape when aroused, steal when they
   need money.

   You can't know what a thrill it is for a punk to watch you
   grovel for your life, begging, pleading, trying to reach some
   shred of humanness inside him.

   No amount of watching Hollywood movies, or reading best-seller
   detective novels, will ever prepare you for the real thing.

Being Attacked By The Scum Of The Criminal World Is An Experience
That Will Leave You Dead Inside, Even If They Spare Your Life!

   It's a mistake to think you can talk your way out of it. The
   only answer is to make sure it never happens!

   However, in this package, you’ll discover how to protect
   yourself and your family from the unexpected dangers that lie
   ahead. You will have every tactic, technique, strategy and
   action plan to not just survive but cause untold harm to your
   attacker. But you need to ACT NOW…

Finally it’s time to make a decision.

   Think about it. Where will you be when that next criminal
   strikes? Will you panic? Will you be tied up on the floor and
   made to watch acts of violence? Will you be the one burying
   your child, sibling or spouse?

   Or will you be confident, self-assured, secure and without
   worry? Safe in the knowledge that you weren’t foolish, you took
   the steps to make sure you and your family would be protected
   and alive…

   Listen I have gone through the pain. Now you don’t have to. You
   can get the authentic advice on how to be prepared and survive
   any act of violence in-home or on the streets within minutes
   from now. Don’t pass up a life-saving opportunity. You have
   absolutely nothing to lose and everything to gain if you ACT
   NOW because you are backed by a 60 days full money back
   guarantee.

   So go ahead click the order button now and take advantage of
   what ULTIMATELY can save you and your family.
   [4][add-to-cart-button-g.png]

                             [cards.png]

     * [5]Disclaimer
     * [6]Privacy
     * [7]Terms and Conditions
     * [8]Refunds
     * [9]Contact Us

   Copyright © 2018 patriot-selfdefense.com

   ClickBank is the retailer of products on this site. CLICKBANK®
   is a registered trademark of Click Sales, Inc.,
   a Delaware corporation located at 917 S. Lusk Street, Suite
   200, Boise Idaho, 83706, USA and used by permission.
   ClickBank's role as retailer does not constitute an
   endorsement, approval or review
   of these products or any claim, statement or opinion used in
   promotion of these products.
   The thoughts and opinions expressed here are those of the
   seller(s) alone and
   do not necessarily reflect the views of Click Sales, Inc., its
   parents, subsidiaries or affiliates.
   The products, information, and other content provided by this
   seller are provided for informational purposes only.
   In the event of any problem with products that customers
   purchase through this seller, customers agree
   that their sole remedy is from the seller, if any, in
   accordance with any seller warranties and/or seller refund
   policy.

                   [10]DMCA.com Protection Status

   IFRAME:
   [11]https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-MLTMVS4

References

   1. https://psdef14.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=8&template=form1&cbfid=19659&vtid=tsl
   2. https://psdef14.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=8&template=form1&cbfid=19659&vtid=tsl
   3. https://psdef14.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=8&template=form1&cbfid=19659&vtid=tsl
   4. https://psdef14.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=8&template=form1&cbfid=19659&vtid=tsl
   5. https://www.patriot-selfdefense.com/disclaimer.html
   6. https://www.patriot-selfdefense.com/privacy.html
   7. https://www.patriot-selfdefense.com/terms.html
   8. https://www.patriot-selfdefense.com/refunds.html
   9. https://www.patriot-selfdefense.com/contact.html
  10. file://www.dmca.com/Protection/Status.aspx?ID=3956d312-1070-47b4-a1c6-29c9dd02f886
  11. https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-MLTMVS4
