   By continuing to browse our site you agree to our use of
   cookies. More information about [1]cookies. (BUTTON) I Agree

   x

   Digital formats of The Stockpile Savior
   WARNING! Controversial and Shocking Report Ahead

The 3 Sure-Fire Signs That It’s About To Hit The Fan In 2025

   [2]

   Purchase your book now
     __________________________________________________________

   Click Here If You Prefer To Read

   Fellow patriot,

   There is a hidden storm brewing.

   The 3 dark signs that prove it are already here.

   And in 2025, it is about to destroy everything you hold dear.

   I’m talking about a devastating event that hit the US almost
   200-years ago, and it’s about to hit us again.

   Back then, it killed 3% of the population, erased approximately
   60% of the nation’s wealth, and left entire states devastated.

   Desperate families were left wandering the country fighting for
   bare survival. Communities turned inside out. And the
   infrastructure that held our nation together crumbled.

   The scars it left cut deep and affect us even today,
   generations later.

   But come this November, what follows once again, will make that
   past tragedy seem like child's play in comparison.

   This is something that will pit brother against brother, town
   folk against city folk, man against woman… And there’s little
   we can do to stop it…

   Maybe you can feel it.

   There’s an almost “electric” charge in the atmosphere these
   days. Like a thunderstorm before the big lighting strikes.

   Something is terribly wrong with our nation. Like it’s reaching
   some boiling point, a point of no return… and it seems like
   it’s about to give.

   There’s talk about World War 3 buzzing in the media… But at
   this point in time, a war against an external threat would
   probably unite us.

   No.
   The serious threat to the American way of life and your safety
   is internal.

   And it can obliterate all the basic necessities of modern life.

   Unfortunately, this is not fear mongering. I wish it was…

   And I’ll prove it without a shadow of a doubt by sharing with
   you the 3 sure-fire signs that this could happen as early as
   this year.

   Imagine…

   … a world where cities are having a meltdown, and millions of
   refugees are placed into the countryside.

   The economy overwhelmed by the sudden internal conflicts shuts
   down, shifting into a kind of war economy mode – prioritizing
   only a select few.

   Jobs vanish overnight. Millions of homeless people are hitting
   the streets. Some running from the killings, others unknowingly
   heading for more danger.

   And no one prepared.

   People would be left at the mercy of whatever stockpiles they
   managed to build, if any.

   How much food and water you’ve got. What tools and equipment
   you need to survive and maintain your home.

   Whatever arsenal you’ve got that allows you to protect your
   home from invaders. From rowing gangs. And from the chaos that
   is heading our way…

The Clock Is Ticking, And Most
Americans Are Not Ready
For The Coming “UN-CIVIL WAR”

The Clock Is Ticking, And Most Americans Are Not Ready For The Coming
“UN-CIVIL WAR”

   They either don’t have a stockpile, or worse, they have a
   completely inadequate one and think they’re safe, when they’re
   not.

   (In a minute I’ll show you exactly what needs to be in your
   stockpile, to make sure you last not just days and weeks, but
   months or even years, if you have to – with no government, with
   no food in the grocery stores, and no one to count on but
   yourself).
   Digital formats of The Stockpile Savior

   Hi, my name is Mark Anderson, and I am known as the “Stockpile
   Scientist”.

   And in the past few months, I’ve started seeing the writing on
   the wall.

   I believe there are 3 major signs that it’s about to hit the
   fan… that we will have a civil war in the US. And it could
   happen as early as this year.

   All civil wars share at least three signs in common, and
   without disclosing the United States by name, most experts on
   civil war would agree and say that the country in question is
   on the very brink of civil war.
   Digital formats of The Stockpile Savior

   So how do you spot a civil war months before it explodes into
   chaos?

Sign #1

   The first sign is that most civil wars follow some prior
   conflict. Where one side feels crushed, humiliated, taken for a
   fool, and angry, while the victors gloat and continue to put
   the losing side down.

   This isn’t just about hurt feelings anymore – it’s about
   deep-seated resentment that can simmer and eventually boil
   over, causing violent conflicts that could tear our society
   apart.

   With the election battle this year so strong, there is bound to
   be a loser and a winner.

   But this time regardless of who wins, the other side is
   unlikely to take it anymore. And this could be the spark that
   ignites the powder keg.

Sign #2

   The second big warning sign that trouble is brewing?

   Our country is deeply divided. Look around – everywhere you see
   lines in the sand are drawn like never before.

   It’s rich against poor, working class vs the middle class, town
   folk vs city folk, blue states vs red states… It goes even
   deeper, with gaps between religion, race, genders… and the list
   goes on.

   It seems only 20 years ago we all still had things in common.
   But politics and social media have created a rupture between
   groups, a gaping hole that many think is impossible to bridge.

   And when people start looking at others as “less than human”
   this is when atrocities start happening.

   And this brings me to…

Sign #3

   The third glaring sign. Which is a rise of sect-like behavior.

   Across the nation groups are forming into what essentially
   could be called modern-day cults.

   These groups demand that you join them or at the very least,
   become an ally. Anyone who does not comply, or questions them
   is instantly branded as being wrong, evil, or even dangerous..

   Take, for instance, the rise of the “woke cult”, or as some
   call it “Church of the Woke”. This group is infamous for its
   relentless push to cancel and silence anyone who dares to speak
   up against what they believe.

   But it’s not just them.

   The fear of backlash is so intense that millions are choosing
   to keep their opinions to themselves, because they are afraid
   of invoking the wrath of these powerful mobs, masked as various
   civil rights activists.

   With cities like Baltimore being under siege, where tensions
   were boiling over. That was just a terrifying preview of what’s
   to come.

   This isn’t just about differing opinions anymore, it’s about
   fearing for one’s safety over their beliefs and first amendment
   rights.

   I believe that all of these 3 signs will come together by the
   end of this year, with a desperate half of the country losing
   the elections.

   With the division between us getting stronger than ever. And
   with various “cult leaders” asking for retribution – not just
   on social media but in the real world too.

   When this happens, it will be game over for America.

   You see, if anything we are very prepared for an attack from
   the outside. All our defenses are pointed outward.

   But what happens if a house is divided upon itself? When
   brother goes against brother? Countrymen against countrymen?

   Regardless of how long it takes – there will still be a little
   time to prepare.

   But one thing is sure… time is running out.

   And food, water, supplies, generators, guns, ammo — you’ll need
   all this if you want to survive and thrive when it hits.

But Having Food, Water And A
Generator Will Hardly Be Enough!

But Having Food, Water And A Generator Will Hardly Be Enough!

   Because a civil war would be devastating.

   The first 100 days would be especially hard to understand while
   you’d adjust to the “new normal”.

   Imagine the widespread collapse that would follow.

   Cities in lockdown, communities barricaded, and frequent
   blackouts as infrastructure fails.

   Power station being forced to shut down, or getting critically
   damaged beyond repair.

   Nuclear cores getting close to melt down, or worse. Millions of
   homes left without power and heating in the dead or winter, or
   unable to live in the sweltering heat of summer.

   Where on top of having no fridge, no AC, no internet
   whatsoever... People have to learn to live without water,
   because most municipal pumps aren't working.

   Where local and interstate transportation has ground to a halt
   - making it impossible for all grocery stores - or pharmacies,
   or any store for that matter - to resupply.

… Leaving Millions Of People
At The Mercy Of Their
“Almost Useful” Stockpiles

… Leaving Millions Of People At The Mercy Of Their “Almost Useful”
Stockpiles

   I'm talking about a complete mayhem on the streets where there
   is no clear distinction of the enemy, leaving the unprepared as
   sitting ducks.

   Neighborhoods turn into fortresses, families hunkerdown unsure
   of when the chaos will end.

   Every day… a battle against uncertainty and the basic comforts
   of home become luxuries.

   As I said my name is Mark Anderson, and I am known as the
   "Stockpile Scientist". I’ll tell you why people call me that in
   a minute because…

   I believe that most Americans, including preppers, are
   seriously underprepared for the devastating consequences of a
   full fledged civil war.

   Regardless of whether they already have a stockpile, or they’re
   just starting to build one.

   Here’s why:

   1) A civil war in the US will be unexpected, because people are
   wilfully blind, claiming that: “It can never happen here”.

   I believe the coming threat is so unlike everything we’ve been
   preparing for, that the conventional stockpiling advice simply
   won’t cut it anymore.

   Preppers with serious stashes might have a chance… although
   most stockpiles are missing key items that could make them
   useless (I’ll show you what I mean in a second).

   But there are millions of Americans with no stockpile
   whatsoever. And if you don’t have one, the time to start it is
   now – because that might be your only way to survive for a long
   time.

   But not any stockpile will do.

   Preppers need to build multifunctional stockpiles with a high
   “bang for buck” ratio. And most of all, they need “Stockpile
   saviors” - some of the most useful (and neglected) items a
   prepper could hoard. I’ll show you 7 essential items like this,
   here on this page. (Missing item #1 almost cost me my
   daughter’s life).

   2) There will be no way to resupply for months or more

   Unlike the other localized crises we had in the past years,
   this will likely be a continent-wide catastrophe with no clear
   leadership.

   This means there will be no opportunities to restock for a long
   time.

   Most people, including preppers, will be shocked by how fast
   their stockpiles are draining. And the truth is, most people
   are clueless about how to start a stockpile for 100 days or
   more – without making really expensive (and life threatening)
   mistakes, and without even requiring a lot of storage space.

   That’s why on this page I’ll explain how to build a 100-day
   stockpile in just 10 days – even when you’re on a budget, or if
   you live in a small rented apartment with little space for a
   survival stash.

   But even when people do manage to put together a long-term
   stockpile, most will fail. Because, in my experience…

   3) Even those with big, expensive stockpiles are probably not
   going to make it.

   I should know. Because before being the “Stockpile Scientist”,
   I was one of those confident preppers who thought he knew it
   all.

   And because of that, I put my family in serious danger –
   because of a $6 item I forgot to pack.

   Look - I wasn’t born an expert in stockpiling. I became one by
   making more mistakes than anyone I know. And since I believe
   smart people learn from other people’s mistakes, this is your
   chance to learn from mine.

How Missing A $6 Item Nearly Got My Daughter Killed…
And Made Me The “Stockpile Scientist”

How Missing A $6 Item Nearly Got My Daughter Killed… And Made Me The
“Stockpile Scientist”

   It was early 2010, and I was living in Haiti with my family as
   an expat.

   It was a poor country that was constantly battered by
   hurricanes and earthquakes. So prepping was something you
   simply had to do.
   I wasn’t too worried. I had 5 figures worth of food, water,
   medicine, fuel – and all the tools I thought I’d need to
   survive in case the big one hit.

   It didn’t take long for me to see my stockpile put to the test:
   on January 12, Haiti was hit by one of the largest earthquakes
   in the history of the country. Millions of homes collapsed. The
   country was left with no electricity and no water. There were
   no stores. People had to cram into tent cities to survive.

   But in the middle of all that chaos, we were fine. My trusty
   generator was chugging along, we had a fridge going, AC was
   working, food was plenty. And then it happened.

   I still remember it like it was yesterday.

   I was in our living room, listening to the radio about the
   widespread looting. My wife was pacing the room worried. I
   wasn't. I was just telling her that we're safe, that we're
   nothing like those poor souls outside who failed to prepare.

   That’s when the lights went out. But there was no reason to
   panic: the generator had run out of gas. I had plenty of
   gasoline in my stockpile. I picked up a canister from the back
   of the shed and filled up. I started the generator.

   Nothing.

   I thought maybe it was a blown fuse or something. I checked
   everything. There was nothing wrong with the generator. But I
   could feel a sense of dread starting to grow in the pit of my
   stomach.

There was nothing wrong with my generator…

   It was the gasoline.

   I’d had it in storage for so long that it had degraded to the
   point of becoming useless. And it was something that $6 worth
   of fuel stabilizer would have solved. Something a simple
   checklist would have prevented. But now it was too late.

   I could feel my heart sinking, and my confidence was replaced
   with a deep sense of desperation.

   And it turns out, I was right to feel that way.

   With no fuel, my generator became useless. We lost not just
   power: but the refrigerator and the water pump. Soon, our
   hygiene took a dive. And that’s when Harper, my 6-year-old
   daughter, got cholera.

   The previous week, we had felt calm and protected in the warmth
   of the living room, looking at the turmoil and feeling
   confident. Now I was rushing to the nearest UN tent camp,
   desperate for the electrolytes that would save my daughter.

   I was forced to leave my family at home, unprotected,
   vulnerable to looters and all sorts of scum that typically
   surface after any disaster… to sit in a line of 1000 desperate
   people who all needed the same doctor.

I Had To Beg For The Simple
Medicine That My Daughter Needed.

I Had To Beg For The Simple Medicine That My Daughter Needed.

   And right until the last moment, I didn’t know whether she was
   going to make it. Knowing that my stupid mistake could have led
   to her death was my wake up call.

   Because after Harper got better, and we eventually escaped that
   hell, I didn’t let my mistake slide.

   My stockpile had failed me. I thought I was prepared, and that
   false confidence was my undoing. What else had I failed to
   prepare for?

   Once back to the US, I started having some deep conversations
   with people I respected. Not just preppers. I spoke to veterans
   with real combat experience. I interviewed supply managers for
   large cruise ships, who must spend months at sea and make sure
   nothing’s missing. And I picked the brains of people with real
   survival stories in besieged cities.

   As it turns out, my experience was anything but singular. In
   fact…

Lots Of Preppers Were Making
The Same Stupid Mistakes:

Lots Of Preppers Were Making The Same Stupid Mistakes:

   Mistake number 1 is overspending on non-essentials

   Imagine having a million dollar car that won’t start because
   you blew a 50 cent ignition fuse. This is how most stockpiles
   look like. Preppers are spending thousands of dollars or more
   on obvious things like freeze dried food, or water filters, or
   a generator. But very often they ignore key items that are
   often cheap. And because of that, they can’t really make use of
   their expensive stockpiles.

   Mistake number 2 is packing too much space with useless items

   Too many people think you need a huge stockpile that will take
   a lot of space. But in fact, there are lots of ways to pack
   high impact items that don’t require a root cellar or even a
   basement.

   One way to achieve that is to pick foods with high caloric
   density and long shelf life. Another great way is to build a
   multifunctional stockpile – basically with items that serve
   multiple purposes. I’ll show you 7 of my favorites below.

   In fact, I discovered that there are some items most preppers
   ignore, that can make or break your stockpile. I call those
   items “stockpile saviors” because they literally save your
   stockpile. Start incorporating stockpile saviors into your
   preparedness – and you’ll save thousands of dollars on your
   preps, and will need a lot LESS space.

When Disaster Strikes,
It Will Be Too Late To Get These
7 “Stockpile Saviors”:

When Disaster Strikes, It Will Be Too Late To Get These 7 “Stockpile
Saviors”:

   I mentioned the first one in my survival story: Fuel
   stabilizer. This might not sound important if you’re planning
   to survive for a week or so. Or if you have access to fresh
   fuel.

   But for something catastrophic as a civil war event, having a
   fuel stabilizer will help keep the power on when the entire
   country ground to a halt.

   You see, fuel isn't wine—it doesn't get better with age.

   Left alone, it'll break down over time because of oxygen and
   moisture. So at most, you can expect 5 months out of gasoline,
   and up to 12 from diesel and kerosene. Fuel stabilizer can
   double that lifespan, which might be invaluable in a longer
   SHTF situation.

   Pro-tip: a Tri Fuel adapter is a good investment – as it will
   allow your generator to run on propane. And propane does NOT
   expire.
   Digital formats of The Stockpile Savior

   On to the second item:
   Digital formats of The Stockpile Savior

   Petroleum Jelly. Petroleum Jelly is a must-have for any
   emergency kit, be it a bug-out-bag or a bunker stash. It’s one
   of my favorite multifunctional prepping items.

   It's cheap, versatile, and easy to store, making it perfect for
   uncertain times.

   But it does more than you might think.

   Need to start a fire? Coat some cotton balls in Vaseline for an
   easy-to-light fire starter.

   Facing cold weather? It's a go-to for skin protection and even
   frostbite prevention.

   In first aid, it can help chapped skin and speed up wound
   healing—just steer clear of using it on burns.

   It can also be a lifesaver for shaving without water,
   rejuvenating old leather, and making candle wax removal a
   breeze.

   In short, Petroleum Jelly isn’t just goop in a jar; it’s your
   all-around utility player that you'll be glad to have when you
   need it most.

   Our third item might sound boring but it can literally save
   your stockpile in an emergency: Silica gel
   Digital formats of The Stockpile Savior

   You might remember those little packets you get in the box
   whenever you buy a new pair of shoes.

   You see, moisture is one of the biggest enemies of a long term
   stockpile.

   Silica gel is a powerful desiccant that can absorb up to 37% of
   its own weight in moisture.

   Silica gel safeguards electronics from water damage and
   prevents condensation on camera equipment and headphones.

   It effectively absorbs water, making it superior to rice for
   saving wet electronics.

   Moreover, silica gel prolongs the freshness of foods, protects
   metals from rusting, aids in gardening, and even combats fog
   and condensation.

   In short, it’s a pivotal asset within your preparedness
   arsenal.

   The fourth item is Bay Leaves…
   Digital formats of The Stockpile Savior

   Now these leaves are more than just a crisis-time resource;
   they should be a regular part of your daily life.

   In tough situations, they offer not only various health
   benefits but also effective pest control.

   They help manage health issues such as arthritis, diabetes,
   cancer, digestive problems, and infection…

   When dried, they hold flammable oils that transform them into
   exceptional emergency fire starters.

   This unique attribute is invaluable during survival situations…

   Allowing you to quickly ignite a fire that’s crucial for you
   and your family’s warmth, cooking, or signaling for help.

   So make bay leaves a staple of your stockpile, not just an
   emergency option.

   That brings me to our fifth Stockpile Savior…
   Digital formats of The Stockpile Savior

   Baking soda

   Many preppers imagine that they need the newest and most
   expensive items. But to me, baking soda is the definition of
   “good bang for your buck”. It’s cheap and has tons of uses in a
   crisis, more than I can mention:

   Mouthwash and teeth whitener; deodorant; kitchen cleaner; weed
   killer. You can use it to clean a scorched pot. It helps with
   heartburn and itchy skin.

   And it can help decontaminate radioactivity!

   The sixth item you should have in your stockpile is a good
   tarp.

   It’s funny how many preppers don’t have a good basic tarp. It’s
   one of the most versatile items you could hope for in a crisis.
   No water? Unroll your tarp and collect rain or dew water.
   Broken window? You can mend it with a tarp. Or you can build a
   simple shelter until you find something more solid.

   It can act as wet weather clothing so you or your kids don’t
   get sick. And in an emergency, you can use it as a stretcher.
   Digital formats of The Stockpile Savior

   The last thing on my list is Oxygen absorbers.
   Digital formats of The Stockpile Savior

   Oxygen shortens the shelf life of some foods.

   It makes food go bad faster by causing oxidation of fats…

   Letting germs grow, activating enzymes, and causing good food
   to spoil too fast.

   Yet in the absence of oxygen, food can last for more than a
   decade in storage!

   And guess what: it will allow you to prolong the expiration
   date of medication. This is invaluable in a crisis, especially
   with hard to find medicine.

I set out to build a step-by-step blueprint
to build a 100+ days stockpile… in just 10 days…
without requiring a big budget
and tons of space

I set out to build a step-by-step blueprint to build a 100+ days
stockpile… in just 10 days… without requiring a big budget and tons
of space

   After our narrow escape from Haiti, I conducted over 100
   interviews with preppers of all sorts. It made me realize that,
   while some people were better prepared than others… everyone
   was still sort of “winging it”.

   No one had a roadmap for how to properly build a stockpile. And
   even those who had one were making dangerous mistakes that
   could cost them the life of someone they loved.

   So I set out to create the ultimate resource for building a
   100+ days stockpile from scratch, in under 10 days.

   I called it “The Stockpile Savior”.
   Digital formats of The Stockpile Savior

   This is the ultimate guide to building a bulletproof stockpile…

   That takes you from being uncertain about your preps...

   To being 100% confident that your family will comfortably
   survive the first 100 days & beyond of any disaster.

   And you won't have to waste hours researching what you need…

   Visiting stores to compare

   Or spending sleepless nights worrying about whether you’ve done
   your part to protect your family.

   What really sets this apart from anything else in the market is
   that I’ve done all the heavy lifting FOR YOU.

   See, this isn’t just a simple guide.

   It’s actually a step by step blueprint that practically does
   all the work FOR you.

   Think of it like a 10 Day Roadmap to build a bulletproof
   stockpile.

   Every morning, for 10 days, you’ll get a list of items you need
   to stockpile for that day.

   You’ll even get links for where to find the product so you can
   simply open your guide for each day and follow the steps to
   build your stockpile.

   It really is as simple as waking up, pressing a few buttons,
   and waiting for your stockpile to practically build itself.

   Without doing any real work yourself.

   And remember:

   You’ll also get options for each budget.

   Whether your budget is high enough to afford the high, end Dom
   Perignon Champagne version of this stockpile…

   Or just enough to afford a bottle of Andre Champagne from a gas
   station…

   It won’t matter.

   Because whatever option you choose will build you a bulletproof
   stockpile that protects you in the face of any crisis.

   I even asked friends in the US to test it out and within days
   they sent me these pictures… Check it out!
   Digital formats of The Stockpile Savior
   Digital formats of The Stockpile Savior

   Here’s exactly what you get inside The Stockpile Savior…

   Part 1: How To Build The Ultimate Food Stockpile

   First, you’ll create a food stockpile that will make sure your
   family never goes hungry in a disaster. You’ll discover…
     * The first food item that will fly off the shelf, (it’s
       almost impossible to survive without this item) so I'll
       tell you exactly where to get it before anyone else even
       realizes there’s a crisis coming…
     * The top 5 supply-trashing mistakes almost every prepper
       makes! #3 alone causes preppers to lose hundreds of dollars
       spent on food. What’s worse is, you won’t even realize you
       made these mistakes until the time you’re hungry, try to
       dig into your supply, and find out it’s no good!
     * How to store 100 days worth of food supplies safely using
       the little secret behind the success of the German U-Boat
       sailors in World War II. This is the secret that allowed
       them to stay at sea for months on end without needing to
       restock even once.
     * Why you're risking letting your family go hungry if you're
       counting on a garage-full of MREs or other "survival food"
       for a crisis… and the 3 different types of food supplies
       you must stockpile before you buy a single MRE!

   …and much more!

   Part 2: The Safe & Reliable Way To Ensure Your Family Has
   Access To Unlimited Water

   Next, we’ll ensure that your family has access to safe drinking
   water & hygiene conditions even if your area is going through
   its worst drought. You’ll discover…
     * The $5 tool that literally turns on the faucet… anytime,
       anywhere! To you, this means having hundreds of gallons of
       water available on demand even when the rest of the city is
       struggling to find any.
     * When there’s no running water or garbage trucks, bacteria &
       viruses quickly make their way to you. Here’s how to AVOID
       watching your house turn into a waste management nightmare.
       Without this system in place, you risk letting your family
       catch life-threatening diseases.
     * Don’t believe ‘experts’ who tell you you need to rotate
       water! Discover how to economically store vast quantities
       of water that lasts for over 25 years. This secret was
       revealed by a retired military commander.

   …and much more!

   Part 3: You’ll Never Experience Another Blackout If You Have
   These Items

   You already saw how having no power can render most of your
   preps useless. That’s why the next thing we’ll do is create a
   stockpile that ensures you have running electricity even if the
   rest of your city is living in rolling blackouts.

   You’ll discover…
     * The DIY home power system that doesn’t just protect you
       from blackouts… but also slashes the amount you pay for
       electricity practically overnight
     * If you’re relying on a generator, forgetting these 5
       crucial items could make your setup useless… forcing your
       family to live in the dark in a time of crisis. For me,
       that was fuel stabilizer. For you, it might be one of the 4
       other crucial items. You don’t want to take this risk.
     * Finally, I’ll show you the only 4 items you need to create
       your own ‘packable solar system’ for a fraction of the
       price. So you’re always powered up, even if you’re on the
       go.

   Part 4: Guns & Ammunition: When Your Family’s Safety Lies In
   Your Hands… You Can’t Afford To Be Caught Without These Items

   Nothing is more important than your safety. That’s why you’ll
   discover exactly which security items you need in your
   stockpile… and where to find them. Think about it:
     * How would you feel if someone takes away the stockpile you
       spent years building? That’s exactly what happened during
       hurricane Katrina. Discover the ONLY thing you can do right
       now to ensure nobody put your stockpile in the back of a
       truck.
     * 3 ways to stop an enemy in their tracks before they even
       reach your property... without using any weapons or even
       stepping out of your own home!
     * Finally, I’ll show you a tiny, harmless item that saved
       dozens of lives in 9/11 (and can save yours too if you add
       it to your stockpile now)...

   …and much more!

   Part 5: How To Safeguard Your Health When Hospitals &
   Pharmacies Shut Down

   When the modern healthcare system collapses… Your family only
   has you to rely on to take care of their health. That’s why
   you’ll need to know…
     * The sneaky way to create a stockpile of prescription
       medication without your doctor ever catching on! You need
       to know this if you or your loved ones suffer from a
       chronic illness. (And no, I’m not talking about animal
       antibiotics.)
     * In fact, starting from June 11 2023… Even animal
       antibiotics are prescription only. That’s why you need to
       know the safe, 100% legal way to stockpile antibiotics so
       you’re protected from infections.
     * You also need to know how to handle emergency situations
       without a trip to the ER. That’s why I’ll show you how to
       create an At-Home Emergency Room using simple items anyone
       can get at your nearby store…
     * Finally, you’ll discover the Comprehensive Medical Supplies
       Checklist you must prepare to safeguard your family’s
       health… (plus where to get them before the general public
       panic-buys everything.)

   …and much more!

   The best part is, this 10 Day Roadmap also comes with a
   comprehensive guide that takes you in-depth and explains the
   purpose behind each of these items.

   So you aren’t just blindly collecting items…

   But you’re also understanding the importance of each of them
   and how to put them to use.

   It wasn't easy getting the information that's inside this
   program…

   It took months of blood, sweat and literal tears to figure out
   how to create a truly reliable stockpile.

   One that leaves nothing to chance and gives you the confidence
   to protect your family no matter what the future holds.

   But today…

   I’m confident enough to say that…

   This is the ONLY program on the market that can truly help you
   survive the first 100 days & beyond of any SHTF situation…

   Without leaving you to do any of the research yourself or
   wasting thousands of dollars on unnecessary products.

   But I wanted to go one step further to make sure you’re really
   covered.

   This is why, when you get The Stockpile Savior today…

I Want To Send You 3 Special Reports To Make Sure You’re Truly
Protected In Any Scenario

   The first report you’ll get is…

   Special Report #1: The Invisible Stockpile
   Digital formats of The Stockpile Savior Image is for
   visualization purpose only

   When the Out of Stock signs hit, the mob goes crazy.

   They’re willing to do anything it takes to get access to the
   essentials.

   Including stealing from those like you who were smart enough to
   stockpile what they need.

   That’s why, The Invisible Stockpile shows you how to conceal
   your stockpile from the public eye.

   So no one can find your items, even if they manage to break
   into your home.

   You’ll discover…
     * The clever way to ‘camouflage’ your stockpile so no one
       realizes its value - even while looking directly at it…
     * 8 unexpected ways to conceal your stockpile (like hiding
       items in false plumbing or under the house between floor
       joists)...
     * How to take advantage of outbuildings to hide your supplies
       without anyone realizing they’re there…

   …and much more.

   The second report you’ll get is…

   Special Report #2: How To Stay Safe When Your Rights Are Taken
   Away
   Digital formats of The Stockpile Savior Image is for
   visualization purpose only

   When the very people hired to protect you turn into your
   enemies, you need a new plan of action.

   That’s why, in this report you’ll discover how to protect your
   rights, including…
     * What you must do today to avoid becoming a person of
       interest
     * 5 unexpected items you must stockpile today to prepare your
       family from the coming anarchy and the increased crime
       rates from people who take advantage of the situation…

   … and much more!

   And finally, the third report you’ll get is…

   Special Report #3: Riot Survival Tactics From A Hardened
   Policeman
   Digital formats of The Stockpile Savior Image is for
   visualization purpose only

   The mobs don’t just resort to theft when stores go out of
   stock.

   Riots break out on the streets.

   Making it unsafe to even step out without risking your life.

   That’s why it’s essential to know these riot survival tactics -
   straight from a hardened policeman.

   You’ll discover…
     * 6 things you need to know BEFORE you’re caught in a riot
       (Forgetting #3 could cost you your life…)
     * The policeman’s guide to instantly recognizing danger
       before a riot breaks out & preparing for security…
     * The most important thing you need to survive a riot (It’s
       not guns, ammunition or body armor)...

   …and much more.

   As soon as you have these reports, make sure you open them
   right away…

   …to be sure you don't miss out.

   With these 3 reports you could be one of the few who live in
   total peace even if there’s a complete disaster outside your
   windows.

   You won’t have to worry about your family going hungry, thirsty
   or living for weeks in the dark.

   Because when you’ve truly covered all your bases…

   You won’t get the dreadful feeling of waiting for the other
   shoe to drop like every other prepper.

   That’s what these 3 special reports will do for you.

   By now you’re probably wondering…

"How Much Is This Incredible Package
Going To Cost?"

"How Much Is This Incredible Package Going To Cost?"

   Look, with The Stockpile Savior on your side, you’ll build a
   reliable stockpile that will help you survive the first 100
   Days of any disaster with absolute ease…

   In a matter of just 10 days.

   That means you’ll be giving your family the gift of total
   peace, comfort and safety in a situation where thousands of
   people are fighting just to get by.

   You’ll be doing your duty to them every time you serve a fresh
   plate of food cooked with items from your stockpile…

   Every time you hand them a clean glass of water…

   And every time you protect them from danger using items in your
   security stockpile.

   Plus, being the person with access to all these items when the
   rest of the city desperately needs them puts you at a HUGE
   strategic advantage.

   A $5 item could end up being worth a hundred dollars overnight
   at a time like this with people happy to pay you anything just
   to get their hands on it.

   That’s not all. This stockpiling system also SAVES you from
   wasting thousands of dollars on unnecessary items - just like I
   did.

   On the other hand, without The Stockpile Savior…

   You’ll always be the one desperately looking for what you need.

   In fact, you’ll likely be one item away from endless chaos -
   like I was.

   It almost cost me my daughter’s life - and I wouldn’t want
   anyone else to face the fear that I did.

   That’s why when you consider everything that The Stockpile
   Savior can really do for you…

   You can probably understand why my team was adamant that we set
   the price of this life-saving program at $297…

   Which I think is extremely fair too…

   In fact, just by preventing you from buying some of the
   unnecessary items…

   This program would more than pay for itself.

   And yet, while I know that we could charge $297 for The
   Stockpile Savior and I'd still sleep soundly at night…

I Didn’t Create This Product To Make A Profit

   In fact…

   I had no plans to release anything to the public at all!

   This started off as a project to save myself and my family from
   any more pain.

   And my goal has not changed.

   My goal here is only to help other families live comfortably no
   matter what the world throws their way.

   Even if that means only covering the expenses of creating this
   book with its price tag. And making no profits.

   Which is why if you decide to take action right now…..

   And say "YES" to this life-saving program…

   You won't need to spend $297 …or Even $197…

   And why instead, by taking action today…

   You can order The Stockpile Savior…

   And the 3 additional reports:
     * Special Report #1: The Invisible Stockpile
     * Special Report #2: How To Stay Safe When Your Rights Are
       Taken Away
     * Special Report #3: Riot Survival Tactics From A Hardened
       Policeman

   For just a one-time special offer of $39.

   The only way to get it is to click the "Add To Cart" button
   now.
   [3][buy-btn-39d-ds2.png]
   [4][buy-btn-39p-ds.png]

   For $39 you'll get immediate digital access to The Stockpile
   Savior.

   And you’ll have a proven roadmap to build your stockpile in
   just 10 days.

   So you can thrive not just survive in the face of ANY disaster.

   You can only get The Stockpile Savior here if you click the
   "Add To Cart" button now.
   [5][buy-btn-39d-ds2.png]
   [6][buy-btn-39p-ds.png]

   But really, the price doesn't even matter… because it comes
   with…

Our Ironclad 60 Day, No Questions Asked Money-Back Guarantee

   Digital formats of The Stockpile Savior

   We are absolutely certain that this will help you and your
   family thrive, not just survive in the face of any disaster.

   But we don’t want you to just take our word for it.

   We want you to see what this program can do for you yourself.

   That's why we want to offer you the opportunity to try The
   Stockpile Savior for yourself for the next 60 days…

   With absolutely no financial risk whatsoever.

   It works like this…

   Simply click on the big golden button that says "ADD to CART"…

   And order your own digital copy of The Stockpile Savior right
   now.

   Then, you'll have immediate access to the lifesaving
   information in The Stockpile Savior…

   I want you to check out the valuable information inside this
   system and put it into action.

   We are confident that once you do this, you'll have what you
   need to know to safeguard your family from the first 100 days
   and beyond of ANY disaster…

   …In just 10 days.

   We've made this as newbie-friendly as we could.

   But If you're not blown away by the knowledge revealed in it...

   And if you're not absolutely thrilled with how easy this makes
   it for you to build your ultimate survival stockpile…

   Then simply send us an email within 60 days, and I'll send you
   your money back no questions asked.

   The reason I’m offering this guarantee is because I have no
   doubt in my mind that you’ll be shocked to see how easy it
   really is to prepare your family with The Stockpile Savior…

   Also because we like to do business the "right" way...

   And if we're not providing you with TREMENDOUS value then we
   don't deserve your money.

   This way you can see for yourself how great this program is
   without risking a thing.

   So go ahead and click the big button below and you'll enter
   directly into a secure order form.
   [7][buy-btn-39d-ds2.png]
   [8][buy-btn-39p-ds.png]

You’ve Reached The Point Where Your Family’s Future Relies On The
Decision You Make Now

   The way I see it, you have 3 options now.

   The first option is to do nothing.

   And leave your family’s survival up to chance.

   Look, I hope that none of these ‘Survival Black Swans’
   scenarios become a reality.

   I hope that you don’t end up needing any of this in the future.

   But you have to remember that hope is not a strategy.

   Buying The Stockpile Savior today is like buying insurance for
   the future.

   You don’t do it because you think something bad is going to
   happen.

   You do it because you’ll sleep easier at night knowing that if
   something does happen, your family is covered.

   That brings me to my second option.

   Which is to try to do this yourself.

   I did, for years, and you saw where it got me.

   Terrified to find out whether my mistake was going to cost me
   my daughter’s life.

   I wouldn’t wish that kind of pain on anyone.

   Or your third option is to take a chance with The Stockpile
   Savior today.

   Simply follow the instructions you get every morning.

   And 10 days from now, you’ll have a bulletproof stockpile ready
   to help you survive ANY disaster.

   Without spending hours on research, wasting thousands of
   dollars or losing any sleep worrying about what you need to
   ensure your family’s survival.

   I want you to take a moment and think about the disasters that
   have already been set in motion in the US.

   When they inevitably hit, it’ll be too late to prepare.

   Most of the important stuff will be flying off the shelves…

   And by the time you realize you need something essential, it
   will be gone.

   That’s why it’s absolutely crucial that you don’t waste any
   more time.

   And that you take action now to ensure your family’s survival.

   Press the button below now and I'll meet you on the other side.
   [9][buy-btn-39d-ds2.png]
   [10][buy-btn-39p-ds.png]

   The Stockpile Savior
   [11]DISCLAIMER [12]TERMS AND CONDITIONS [13]PRIVACY
   [14]SHIPPING POLICY [15]CONTACT [16]DO NOT SELL MY INFO

   CLICKBANK AND ALL OF ITS AGENTS AND EMPLOYEES (THE "CLICKBANK
   PARTIES") DISCLAIM ALL LIABILITY FOR THE ACCURACY OR
   COMPLETENESS OF THE PROMOTIONAL GUIDELINES, AND DISCLAIM ALL
   WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. THE CLICKBANK PARTIES FURTHER
   DISCLAIM ALL LIABILITY FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING,
   WITHOUT LIMITATION, DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, OR
   CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES) ARISING OUT OF THE USE, INABILITY TO
   USE, OR THE RESULTS OF USE OF THE PROMOTIONAL GUIDELINES, ANY
   REFERENCES USED IN THE PROMOTIONAL GUIDELINES, OR THE
   MATERIALS, INFORMATION, OR PROCEDURES CONTAINED IN THE
   PROMOTIONAL GUIDELINES. PLEASE READ THE CLICKBANK CLIENT
   CONTRACT AND ALL ACCOMPANYING CLICKBANK POLICIES TO ENSURE YOUR
   COMPLIANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE POLICIES, RULES AND REGULATIONS.
   IT IS YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO ENSURE THAT YOU ARE IN COMPLIANCE
   WITH THE CLICKBANK CLIENT CONTRACT, ALL CLICKBANK POLICIES AND
   ALL APPLICABLE RULES AND REGULATIONS.

   ClickBank is the retailer of products on this site. CLICKBANK®
   is a registered trademark of Click Sales, Inc., a Delaware
   corporation located at 1444 S. Entertainment Ave., Suite 410
   Boise, ID 83709, USA and used by permission. ClickBank's role
   as retailer does not constitute an endorsement, approval or
   review of these products or any claim, statement or opinion
   used in promotion of these products.

   This site is NOT a part of the Facebook website or Facebook
   Inc. Additionally, this site is NOT endorsed by Facebook in any
   way.

   Copyright © thestockpilesavior.org. All Rights Reserved

References

   1. https://www.thestockpilesavior.org/statics/privacy.php
   2. https://savstash.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=10&cbfid=54251&tkn=dHJraWQufHNwbGl0Lnx0di58dC58Y3AufGNwdC58Y3AxLnxjcDIufGNwMy58Y3A0LnxjcDUufHByYy58Y3QufGN0MS58Y3QyLnx0ZzEufHRnMi58dGczLnx0ZzQufHRnNS58bGlkLnxtLnxoYXNoLjRjMDkyMjQ5ZmM3NjNlOTg5NDExNTUzZjY4Y2I4ZDl&REF=&cbskin=43545&vtid=p_purchase_vsl_desktop
   3. https://savstash.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=1&cbfid=54251&tkn=dHJraWQufHNwbGl0Lnx0di58dC58Y3AufGNwdC58Y3AxLnxjcDIufGNwMy58Y3A0LnxjcDUufHByYy58Y3QufGN0MS58Y3QyLnx0ZzEufHRnMi58dGczLnx0ZzQufHRnNS58bGlkLnxtLnxoYXNoLjRjMDkyMjQ5ZmM3NjNlOTg5NDExNTUzZjY4Y2I4ZDl&REF=&cbskin=43545&vtid=d_vsl_desktop
   4. https://savstash.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=10&cbfid=54251&tkn=dHJraWQufHNwbGl0Lnx0di58dC58Y3AufGNwdC58Y3AxLnxjcDIufGNwMy58Y3A0LnxjcDUufHByYy58Y3QufGN0MS58Y3QyLnx0ZzEufHRnMi58dGczLnx0ZzQufHRnNS58bGlkLnxtLnxoYXNoLjRjMDkyMjQ5ZmM3NjNlOTg5NDExNTUzZjY4Y2I4ZDl&REF=&cbskin=43545&vtid=p_vsl_desktop
   5. https://savstash.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=1&cbfid=54251&tkn=dHJraWQufHNwbGl0Lnx0di58dC58Y3AufGNwdC58Y3AxLnxjcDIufGNwMy58Y3A0LnxjcDUufHByYy58Y3QufGN0MS58Y3QyLnx0ZzEufHRnMi58dGczLnx0ZzQufHRnNS58bGlkLnxtLnxoYXNoLjRjMDkyMjQ5ZmM3NjNlOTg5NDExNTUzZjY4Y2I4ZDl&REF=&cbskin=43545&vtid=d_vsl_desktop
   6. https://savstash.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=10&cbfid=54251&tkn=dHJraWQufHNwbGl0Lnx0di58dC58Y3AufGNwdC58Y3AxLnxjcDIufGNwMy58Y3A0LnxjcDUufHByYy58Y3QufGN0MS58Y3QyLnx0ZzEufHRnMi58dGczLnx0ZzQufHRnNS58bGlkLnxtLnxoYXNoLjRjMDkyMjQ5ZmM3NjNlOTg5NDExNTUzZjY4Y2I4ZDl&REF=&cbskin=43545&vtid=p_vsl_desktop
   7. https://savstash.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=1&cbfid=54251&tkn=dHJraWQufHNwbGl0Lnx0di58dC58Y3AufGNwdC58Y3AxLnxjcDIufGNwMy58Y3A0LnxjcDUufHByYy58Y3QufGN0MS58Y3QyLnx0ZzEufHRnMi58dGczLnx0ZzQufHRnNS58bGlkLnxtLnxoYXNoLjRjMDkyMjQ5ZmM3NjNlOTg5NDExNTUzZjY4Y2I4ZDl&REF=&cbskin=43545&vtid=d_vsl_desktop
   8. https://savstash.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=10&cbfid=54251&tkn=dHJraWQufHNwbGl0Lnx0di58dC58Y3AufGNwdC58Y3AxLnxjcDIufGNwMy58Y3A0LnxjcDUufHByYy58Y3QufGN0MS58Y3QyLnx0ZzEufHRnMi58dGczLnx0ZzQufHRnNS58bGlkLnxtLnxoYXNoLjRjMDkyMjQ5ZmM3NjNlOTg5NDExNTUzZjY4Y2I4ZDl&REF=&cbskin=43545&vtid=p_vsl_desktop
   9. https://savstash.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=1&cbfid=54251&tkn=dHJraWQufHNwbGl0Lnx0di58dC58Y3AufGNwdC58Y3AxLnxjcDIufGNwMy58Y3A0LnxjcDUufHByYy58Y3QufGN0MS58Y3QyLnx0ZzEufHRnMi58dGczLnx0ZzQufHRnNS58bGlkLnxtLnxoYXNoLjRjMDkyMjQ5ZmM3NjNlOTg5NDExNTUzZjY4Y2I4ZDl&REF=&cbskin=43545&vtid=d_vsl_desktop
  10. https://savstash.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=10&cbfid=54251&tkn=dHJraWQufHNwbGl0Lnx0di58dC58Y3AufGNwdC58Y3AxLnxjcDIufGNwMy58Y3A0LnxjcDUufHByYy58Y3QufGN0MS58Y3QyLnx0ZzEufHRnMi58dGczLnx0ZzQufHRnNS58bGlkLnxtLnxoYXNoLjRjMDkyMjQ5ZmM3NjNlOTg5NDExNTUzZjY4Y2I4ZDl&REF=&cbskin=43545&vtid=p_vsl_desktop
  11. https://www.thestockpilesavior.org/statics/disclaimer.php
  12. https://www.thestockpilesavior.org/statics/termsandconditions.php
  13. https://www.thestockpilesavior.org/statics/privacy.php
  14. https://www.thestockpilesavior.org/statics/shipping-policy.php
  15. https://www.thestockpilesavior.org/statics/contact.php
  16. https://www.survivopedia.com/ccpa/
