   background image

   how to stockpile for free
   by growing your own groceries

   IFRAME:
   [1]https://player.vimeo.com/video/370490344?autoplay=1&dnt=1

   [2]Click here for the text version of this presentation

   [3]buy button
   You will be charged $39 for the "Autopilot Homestead" Course.

   Can you tell me... which “food strategy” is best for a
   long-term disaster or a crisis?

   I you didn’t answer "homesteading", then please hold it right
   there, because you could be very vulnerable in the aftermath of
   a long term disaster...

   My name is Dan F. Sullivan and after years of prepping, I came
   to the conclusion that the only way to have a solid, steady
   food and water supply is to HOMESTEAD.

   Homesteading is the only (legal) way I know of to become almost
   completely self-reliant from the food corporations, the
   utilities companies, the Government and Big Pharma... by
   harvesting hundreds upon hundreds of pounds of organic food
   year-round, and collecting thousands of gallons of
   crystal-clear drinking water for free…

   To take back your health by growing your own groceries, and
   making your own food out of basic ingredients, such as cheese,
   bread and even chocolate to name a few…

   Then you could stockpile the excess produce for dark days...
   (The shelf life of ingredients is longer than that of the
   resulting foods, anyway…) So while other preppers pay thousands
   for overpriced, highly-processed “emergency food”, you’ll build
   your survival stockpile for free…

   It’ll be like having your own personal supermarket just a few
   feet away from you… Though not the kind that sells processed
   meat full of hormones and steroids, veggies full of pesticides
   that have absolutely no taste at all, not to mention and all
   the other junk full of preservatives...

   So let me cut right to the chase and show you:
   How to start a high-performance homestead from the ground up...

   Out of my over a dozen experienced prepper writers on
   SurvivalSullivan.com, I handpicked the ones that are also
   excellent homesteaders...

   Tara Dodrill is rocking it on a 56 acres farm in Ohio: 6
   horses, 6 cows, 4 goats, dozens of ducks, chickens, guinea
   fowls, donkeys, sheep and dogs...

   Next we’ve got Megan Stewart, an amazing gal and my most
   cherished writer. You may have read her excellent articles on
   the blog. She’s an expert homesteader and prepper and practices
   what she preaches.

   Then there’s Ryan Dotson, a master survivalist and an excellent
   cook, very good at making survival food staples on his
   homestead, such as hard-tack and pemmican...

   Jeanie Beales is not only the most passionate gardener I’ve
   ever known, she’s very knowledgeable in home remedies, and has
   lots of other skills. She can also teach you A LOT about
   cooking.

   Next we have Rebekah White, a hidden homesteading gem... She
   lives on a 22 acre farm in Vermont, the 7th coldest state in
   the country, proving that you can raise chickens, massive
   quantities of zucchini and even bees in colder climates.

   Last but not least, we have Paige Thompson, one of my newest
   writers, living on a homestead with her husband, surrounded by
   dogs, cats and lots of chickens. When she explains a
   homesteading concept, the level of detail is simply amazing.

   Together, my homesteading dream-team has over 100 acres of land
   and DECADES of combined knowledge and experience... and they
   all agreed to share it with you...

   We all worked our rear ends off, to finally come up with The
   Ultimate A to Z Homesteading Encyclopedia:
   Autopilot Homestead course e-cover
   This product is digital. The image is for information purposes.
   "Autopilot Homestead"

   ...the only course that will show you how to start a
   fully-functioning homestead from the ground up in as little as
   7 days.

   Let me prove to you how in-depth and jam-packed this course is
   by giving you just a taste of what you’ll find inside its over
   500 pages and over 15 chapters:

   ● It all starts with your vision. What’s the ultimate goal you
   want to achieve with your homestead? Before you start digging
   in your garden or buying your first chicks, you need to figure
   out what you want. We’ll help you do this even if right now
   you’re confused and clueless, by thoroughly explaining basic
   concepts, and giving you lots of options of where to take your
   homestead. We’ll literally help you turn your dream into
   reality.

   ● Once we take care of that, we’ll talk about finding the right
   land for your dream homestead. You need to know all the
   restrictions and regulations, such as mandatory hook-ups to
   municipal water, or to the sewage system... Some states and
   counties limit the number of animals or even forbid rainwater
   collection, but in some places (we found 7 different ones in
   the U.S.), you can get fertile land for FREE.

   ● Next, we’ll give you layout tips and examples on how to set
   everything up. Do this by the ear and you’ll be sorry when you
   realize you should’ve put them in different places or in
   different orientations. There are crucial factors to keep in
   mind, such as the slope, the sun, and of course, the various
   emergencies that could occur (such as house fires and
   wildfires).

   ● Once we have your vision and your plan, that’s when the real
   fun starts. You need to think about land clearance, fencing
   and, of course, protecting your homestead from prying eyes, and
   setting up things like early warning systems.

   ● The A to Z of gardening. We’ll talk about each veggie one by
   one… Lettuce, carrots, potatoes, zucchini, tomatoes and many
   more, when and where to plant them, how to water them, and of
   course, we’ll help you avoid costly mistakes that even seasoned
   gardeners make sometimes.

   ● We’ll also tell you how to grow these 4 plants that work as
   natural painkillers, 4 plants you can make sugar from (and
   barter with post-collapse) and half a dozen other medicinal
   herbs you can use when doctors may not be available, or even
   today to avoid buying medicine...

   ● We’ll also reveal the one common plant that keeps pests away,
   such as worms and even rabbits and, at the same time, attracts
   a whole bunch of pollinators… We’ll tell you the fast-growing,
   highly-nutritious wonder-tree that’s a natural mosquito
   repellant, and last but not least, and the mystery berry that
   does well in sunshine as well as the shade, is jam-packed with
   fiber, antioxidants and vitamins, and will produce fruit for
   the next 20 years.

   ● Everything you need to know to successfully set up raised
   beds. They have less weeds, the plants need A LOT LESS water,
   they defrost sooner in the spring and your dog won’t get to
   them.

   ● Then we’ll show you how to build your first greenhouse. This
   “no fail approach” will get you more produce you ever thought
   possible, and all you need are some basic materials to set it
   up.

   ● Next, we’re taking things one step further and showing you
   how to grow fruit trees, grapes, and berries. These require
   very little maintenance, yet they’re another one of those
   things that will put your homestead on autopilot.

   ● Weeds? Predators? You can crush all of them, no matter how
   large or sneaky but, if you don’t, it’s going to be SHTF in
   your back yard: deer, mice, snakes, hawks, foxes, gophers, and
   even black bears. Nothing will ever touch your garden ever
   again. We’ll give you dirt-cheap hacks such as using VHS tape
   to deter them. Don’t throw away any “junk” you have lying
   around the house until you read this!

   ● In homesteading, the chicken always comes before the egg.
   We’ll tell you everything you need to know about them: raising
   store-bought chicks, building a chicken coop, getting your hens
   to integrate and start laying eggs, not letting them escape the
   perimeter, or eat things that will get them sick and so much
   more.

   ● In fact, we’ll tell you how to take care of ALL your animals
   and how to keep them healthy and safe... Rabbits, goats,
   cattle, pigs and turkeys, even horses… How to feed then pre and
   post-collapse with whatever grows on your homestead. We’re
   going into a huge amount of detail with each, including safety
   issues, the costs of raising them and much, much more.

   ● Then we’ll show you some really cool and useful DIY
   homesteading projects: fly traps, chicken nesting boxes, DIY
   mouthwash, laundry detergent, and many, many more. Each project
   is an opportunity to spend time and bond with your family,
   because they’re so easy, even your kids can do them. We even
   show some of them on video, so they can easily follow along the
   instructions...

   ● We’ll talk about all the possible ways to heat your house:
   wood, coal, propane, solar... The sooner you switch to them,
   the sooner you’ll see your electric bill drop like a rock.

   ● Next, we’ll show you how to live in homesteading luxury by
   making comfort foods such as peach wine, whiskey, vodka, and
   even beer.. You’ll live like a king in good times and bad. Just
   imagine paying only 30 cents instead of $4 for a pack of
   cigarettes.

   ● How to make your homestead bulletproof and ready to bug in.
   If and when the big one hits, you want to be ready and to
   protect your investment.

   ● But what if you’re forced to evacuate? No place on this earth
   is immune to disasters... so when that flood or that wildfire
   comes, part of your homestead will be portable and ready to go.
   You obviously can’t take everything with you, but you can take
   the essentials that will allow you to start over again in a
   different place.

   ● 5 ways to preserve food. Smoking, dehydrating, freeze drying,
   pickling, as well as 3 types of off-grid refrigerators that
   require zero electricity. All in minute detail.

   ● How to set up a cheap drip irrigation system that uses
   gravity to water your plants even if you have to leave your
   homestead. In fact, we’ll tell you a number of things to
   automate your homestead, and make it run partially on
   autopilot.

   Now, this was just a taste of what you’ll get inside Autopilot
   Homestead, because we’ll also discuss bees, perennials,
   essential oils, tractors and their uses...

   I even brought an active-duty infantryman to the team,
   certified as a Combat Lifesaver in the U.S. Army and will teach
   you basic first aid and prepare you for homesteading accidents.

   All in all...

   This course will help get your basic homestead up and running
   in less than a week...

   It’ll save you dozens of thousands of $ over the years by doing
   most of the things with your own hands instead of buying
   them...

   And it’ll put at least some of these things on autopilot...
   [4]buy button
   You will be charged $39 for the "Autopilot Homestead" Course.

   And believe it or not, this isn’t everything... because I
   decided to add these kick-ass bonuses to motivate you to get
   started...

   Bonus #1 first is the Autopilot Homestead Action Plan booklet,
   to help you put everything from the main course into practice.
   No theory, just things to do one step at a time.

   Bonus #2 is a collection of over a dozen PDF printables: daily,
   weekly, monthly, and seasonal planning sheets for crop growing,
   care and health records for each animal, an incubation chart,
   and many more goodies.

   Print them out and keep them handy on your fridge, in your
   barn, basement or anywhere else you might need them:

   The 3rd bonus is titled 37 Ways to Boost Your Energy. Whether
   you feel tired because of all the unhealthy food you’ve been
   eating, or because your job is stressing you out, we’re giving
   you 37 ALL NATURAL ways to feel energized, and more confident
   from this day forward.

   Last but not least, the 4th bonus is titled Amazing Home
   Remedies you can use to treat minor injuries by yourself,
   without relying on a doctor. Jeanie did an excellent job on
   this one …

   To recap, you get the Autopilot Homestead e-course, which takes
   you from absolute zero and helps you have a vision, set goals,
   make a plan, and then put that plan into action.

   Then you’ve got the 4 PDFs to help you get the most out of the
   main course...

   On top of that you have the videos to show you things like how
   to make hardtack and pemmican, not to mention all the DIY
   stuff...
   Autopilot Homestead ecover
   These products are digital. The image is for information
   purposes.

   When you go through it, I’m almost certain you’ll love it… But
   just in case you don’t, I’m backing it up with my iron-clad
   money back guarantee.

   Here’s how it works... You’ve got 60 days (that’s two whole
   months) to go through it all, plan your homestead, and start
   applying…

   If you’re not happy with the progress you make, asking for a
   refund is incredibly easy... You see, when you order, you’ll
   get an email from ClickBank (the trusted online retailer that
   makes this transaction possible) with a refund link. If you’re
   not happy for whatever reason, you can use that link to get
   your money back OR you can contact me directly and I’ll give
   you the refund myself.
   product guarantee

   If you could only get one homesteading course, this would be
   it. Do everything the way we teach you and your homestead will
   grow right before your eyes…

   So start your homesteading adventure right here. Commit to
   giving this a try and we’ll commit to helping you set
   everything up... So long as you have the time and don’t mind a
   little hard work, you can do it.

   Click the button below now and I and my experts will see you in
   the Members’ Area shortly:
   [5]buy button
   You will be charged $39 for the "Autopilot Homestead" Course.

   Stay safe,

   Dan f. sullivan signature

   founder and editor-in-chief of www.SurvivalSullivan.com

   [6]Terms & Conditions | [7]Privacy Policy | [8]Affiliates
   For Product Support, please contact the vendor [9]HERE.
   For Order Support, please contact ClickBank [10]HERE.
   ClickBank is the retailer of products on this site. CLICKBANK®
   is a registered trademark of Click Sales Inc., a Delaware
   corporation located at 1444 S. Entertainment Ave., Suite 410
   Boise, ID 83709, USA and used by permission. ClickBank's role
   as retailer does not constitute an endorsement, approval or
   review of these products or any claim, statement or opinion
   used in promotion of these products.
   The thoughts and opinions expressed here are those of the
   seller(s) alone and do not necessarily reflect the views of
   Click Sales, Inc., its parents, subsidiaries or affiliates. The
   products, information, and other content provided by this
   seller are provided for informational purposes only. In the
   event of any problem with products that customers purchase
   through this seller, customers agree that their sole remedy is
   from the seller, if any, in accordance with any seller
   warranties and/or seller refund policy.
   FTC Legal Disclaimer: Results may vary. The results presented
   in this presentation are NOT typical. For it to work, we assume
   you actually APPLY the things we teach you, otherwise the
   method will not work for you. Dan F. Sullivan is a pen name.
   This site is not a part of the Facebook website or Facebook
   Inc. Additionally, this site is NOT endorsed by Facebook in any
   way.
   FACEBOOK is a trademark of FACEBOOK, Inc.

   BACK TO
   VIDEO

References

   Visible links:
   1. https://player.vimeo.com/video/370490344?autoplay=1&dnt=1
   2. https://www.shtfhomestead.com/index2text.php
   3. https://shtfhomest.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=shtfhomestfull&cbfid=31581&cbskin=22313&vtid=t2v2
   4. https://shtfhomest.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=shtfhomestfull&cbfid=31581&cbskin=22313&vtid=t2v2
   5. https://shtfhomest.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=shtfhomestfull&cbfid=31581&cbskin=22313&vtid=t2v2
   6. https://www.shtfhomestead.com/Terms.php
   7. https://www.shtfhomestead.com/Privacy.php
   8. https://www.survivaljv.com/
   9. https://www.shtfhomestead.com/Contact.php
  10. https://www.clkbank.com/#!/

   Hidden links:
  12. file://localhost/tmp/lynxXXXXW1Wlid/L1436376-6161TMP.html
