SOLARSW.txt
    #[1]Solar Switch » Feed [2]Solar Switch » Comments Feed
   [3]alternate [4]alternate [5]alternate

   [tr?id=1246442012534367&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
   [tr?id=597188164165415&ev=PageView&noscript=1]

Hi, My name is Brian Kay.

   I'm a 48-year-old woodworker from Tulsa, happily married for 14
   years, raising our beautiful daughter named Annie.

   And this… is my story!

   A story about a dreadful November night that almost cost my
   family and me our lives:

   I woke up in cold sweat… my wife was crushing my hand in fear
   staring in the dark.

   The power was out. Pitch black. I couldn't see anything.

   It took me a couple of seconds to make any sense of what was
   going on. Then I briefly glanced outside the window and
   realized the power was out in the entire neighborhood.

   And a shiver went down my spine!

   I could hear someone walking in the hallway.

   My first thought was…it has to be our daughter, Annie. But
   these footsteps didn't sound like a five years old's. The oak
   floor only squeaked when I walked on it… so whoever it was, it
   had to be bigger!

   Then it hit me! Someone was in our house!

WE WERE BEING ROBBED.

   I reached for the headrest and grabbed my gun. I could hear him
   walking towards Annie's room. I slowly opened the door and saw
   him standing over Annie's bed.

   His gun shined in the moonlight, only 5 inches from my
   daughter's head.

   I felt my blood rushing through my veins like a raging bull. I
   couldn't think straight.

   I was ready to die to protect my daughter!

   Then I only heard a bang and saw a flashlight. He fired the
   first shot. It felt cold, metallic even, but at the same time
   lucky. Because he didn't shoot her.

   He shot ME!

   And then it all went dark.

   The last thing I remember was his stench brushing up on me as
   he ran away.

   I woke up crying after two weeks in a coma. And thank God my
   family was there. They were both safe and unharmed… Praying for
   me to wake up.

   I can honestly say I'd never been so thankful and happy in my
   life. Being able to hug them and tell them how much I loved
   them.

   Being alive.

   My doctor told me it was a miracle I recovered after all the
   blood I'd lost. I was clinically dead when they brought me to
   the ER.

   My wife never said anything… but I knew it. It was MY FAULT!

   I felt it in the back of my head that this might happen… A gut
   feeling ever since Julie was born…

   Be prepared, Brian!

   BE PREPARED!

   And I'd done nothing. I thought this couldn't happen to me… Not
   in our neighborhood. It's the stuff I'd expect to see in
   movies… not in my own house.

   I had put myself and my family in danger because I thought the
   system, the grid, and the government would be there to protect
   me.

   I'd never experienced power blackouts or home invasions. But
   fortunately, there is a silver lining to this story.

   Because little did I know, this shocking and painful event that
   left me near dead led to the discovery of a lifetime.

   My life-changing story happened two years ago…

   And it's a story that changed not only our lives but also that
   of 7231 hardworking Americans…

   …all previously exposed to the unreliability of our
   government's disaster response time

   …and the ever-aging and ever-failing power grid.

   That's over 3000 families that are now safe, living a better
   life, saving their hard-earned cash, each and every day, week
   after week, month after month, and year after year.

   Now… Before we go any further, let this sink in:

   I got robbed. Yes!

   But I'm not the only one getting robbed.

YOU'RE GETTING ROBBED TOO.

   Just not at gunpoint.

   But you might as well be because that's exactly what our
   beloved government and BIG energy monopolists are doing,
   selling you overpriced electricity, ripping you off each and
   every year.

   How are they doing it?

   That's the easy part.

   Myths and legends…

   All that the media is raving about are the mind-blowing,
   extreme price tags, and unreliability of alternative power
   sources.

   And that, my friend, is a big fat lie… Conceived by the greedy
   executives to keep us trapped… Filling their dirty pockets with
   our blood, sweat, and tears… Each and every month!

   But not anymore!

   Because...

IT'S TIME, YOU LEARNED THE TRUTH!

   Solar energy is NOT expensive!

   Done the right way, you'll have it up and running for mere
   pennies… Never at the 20k price tags, you hear about on TV. And
   you can see the savings piling up overnight…

   You might be going all the way up to 65% off your power bill
   from the very first month.

   So, stick with me for the next few minutes, and you'll find out
   everything you need to know about this M.I.T.-inspired marvel

   …why it's been kept under the rug for the past nine years

   …how I found out about it, and how you can use too!

   ...Keeping that hard-earned cash in your pocket.

   Just talking about it still is a hair-raising experience for
   me… Because I will never forget that feeling of waking up from
   the coma… happiness, and relief mixed with mad anger.

   I was angry at the thief that broke into our home…

   Angrier at the power grid for being unreliable…

   And most of all, I was angry at myself for being unprepared!

   An all-out blackout is like a "purge" night for
   criminals looming in the dark.

   And during those nights, sometimes the light is more powerful
   than the gun. I have my scar to prove just that. This never
   would've happened if I had my lights on. A simple porch light
   could've kept that criminal away.

   One single light bulb could've made the difference between life
   and death that night.

   So, even though I was still shaken up, the very next day, I
   started searching frenetically for the best way to have just
   that.

   My lights on at any time, no matter what, brought the already
   crippled grid to its knees…

   My first thought was doing it the old-fashioned way. But
   traditional backup generators are loud, unreliable, and need
   gas to run. They're more likely to attract criminals with their
   buzz, like a call for ghouls in the night, than to chase them
   away.

   It had to be something silent.

   Something that doesn't need a refill every hour.

   Something that would work around the clock.

   There had to be a way to have the power on at all times. And
   every question I was asking in my wild search lead to one
   single answer…

   Solar!

   Solar power works by supplying and storing Sun energy during
   the day in battery banks so you can use it during the night
   too.

A TRULY SILENT 24H BACKUP GENERATOR.

   But how? How could I go solar when all I had was spare change?

   And how could I even think of doing that in my 500 sq. ft
   backyard.

   Of course, if you have $20k lying around, it's easy… Hire a
   private contractor… And burn the $20k in one single wire
   transfer…

   Heck, you could just send it directly to your power company as
   a down payment for a few years' worths of power bills… It would
   just end up in their pockets anyway…

   They're the ones controlling the business, after all.

   Everybody can go solar at that price… But is it really worth
   it? How long do the batteries last? Not to mention maintenance,
   snow, and all the space they take…

   Or even worse, putting your health and safety at risk by
   hanging them on the house and climbing up there to clean them.
   It's a nightmare when winter comes… High winds… Or when a
   sudden hail storm hits.

   I couldn't have that. I had to find a way around it.

   So, I went off the radar while doing my research, trying to
   think outside the box.

   I spent every penny I had on tests, spent countless hours and
   days and weeks in the state library… to the point where it
   started to affect my marriage…

   Some people started to believe I was working there…

   I even talked to my crazy conspiracist brother-in-law Rick,
   which everyone thought was a waste of time.

   And all that learning about solar energy got me really excited
   but also a little frustrated.

   It seemed that all the stuff I could find on the internet was
   either confusing or downright worthless.

   The books I read lacked essential details or were too academic
   and complex.

   And the people I talked to were just weekend enthusiasts who
   couldn't help me with my goal. Or a bit too weird, like Rick.

   After four months, I'd managed to get the price down… a lot…
   but still, the sheer surface of a reliable system was just too
   much for my tiny backyard.

   Then out of the blue, I get a message from Rick. He caught wind
   about something in his hushed up "off the books" community:

"COME AND SEE ME! NOW!"

   Instead of going for the usual side-by-side layout, this system
   was going upwards. Stacking the panels one on top of the other.

   But how could the sun waves reach the second or even the third
   layer of cells?

   It was easy…

   Put them in a zigzag, adjust the tilt, and you still get 100%
   sun exposure on just 5% of the traditional system surface.

   The trick was in the angle.

   I thought to myself… How? How could they sit on this for over
   nine years? But it's pretty simple if you think about it… This
   design would literally mean out with the old and in with the
   new.

   The whole solar panel industry as we know it… factories, tools,
   machines… and even every worker's training and experience would
   become obsolete and useless overnight.

   There are a lot of interests in billions of dollars worth of
   traditional solar panels being sold right now.

   So, it's clear why they've kept it under the rug for so long.

   Now… even though it was innovative, it was still a tabletop
   gadget… with no real everyday purpose. It had to be full-scale
   to actually make a difference.

   So, I thought to myself… "Brian, you're a woodworker. You build
   things for a living. You can do this!"

   It took me almost a year to get my design ready.

   But eventually, I found an unbelievably easy way to do it, a
   spinoff from the original design that costs four times
   less than what I was hoping for.

   And I'd finally done it.

   I had the perfect layout even for my lousy 500 sq. ft…

   Actually, I got it working on just 10 sq. ft, safely on the
   ground. And best of all, it's not set in place…

   If I need some extra space, or I need to move the system to
   make room for something else, I just fold and push the rack
   wherever I want. And I don't have to ask for help. It's a
   one-man job.

   No worries… No maintenance… No headaches

   And actually, no real work!

   So why should you fatten the greedy bastards up with $20k when
   you can get amazing results for only a fraction of that tag.

   A 2% fraction, to be more specific.

   That's right! You can stick it to them easy… On a measly 10 sq.
   feet.

   And results came pounding hard the very next day… I used it for
   my garage and outdoor lights, and it reflected directly into
   the bill… 51% off in the first month.

   That happened two years ago… And these two years taught me that
   it's not about just cutting off the bill anymore.

   A lot has happened since then… We've been through so much these
   past two years, as individuals, as a community… as a species.

   Humanity has been through a lot… A global pandemic,
   unprecedented in modern history… its economic repercussions…
   freak blizzards, record colds, dark storms, and rolling power
   blackouts.

   It was hard! It still is. A lot of people have been living in
   fear. I know I have. And we're not out of the woods yet.

   But no matter what happened… No matter what nature's thrown at
   us, there's one thing I never had to worry about. And that's
   keeping my lights ON at all times.

   I've learned my lesson on that dreadful November night. And I
   did exactly what I should've done all those years before.

   I PREPARED!

SO, I DID SO MUCH MORE THAN SAVE ON MY BILLS…

   I knew my family would be safe inside the comfort of our home
   because no matter what, my simple "solar switch" would never
   let the lights go off. And they never did.

   That's what I like to call it. A "solar switch." Because it's
   as easy as flipping a switch "for the Sun," "flooding" our
   wiring with clean green electricity each and every day…
   bringing us out of the "dark ages" every time the grid decides
   to take a dive.

   That simple "solar switch" provided us with comfort, safety,
   peace of mind and helped us cut the heavy chains that were
   crippling us month after month…

   So, it was no surprise that, after I'd slashed my power bills
   by 60% and secured all the "backup power" I needed for the next
   time, the grid came to a grind… others wanted in.

   My closest friends wanted to know my "solar switch" secrets
   that were saving me so much cash while giving me the peace of
   mind and comfort of knowing I'll never be robbed again… never
   be in the dark again… and never be scared for my family's life…
   no matter what the future holds.

   And the results just kept coming.

   I was able to walk them through the simple process of building
   their own Full-proof Power Source and get ridiculously cheap
   energy protected from any kind of intrusion and from ever
   being gauged by the electric cartel again!

   Everyone kept telling me to share my system with the world, but
   I wasn't crazy about the idea.

   I didn't like the attention it brought to me.

   But I soon realized that my minor soreness was nothing compared
   to the avalanche of comfort that takes over people when they
   realize they don't have to keep getting mauled by the greedy
   executives.

   So after almost a year of scrupulous testing to make
   sure ANYONE can use it…

   Translating everything into plain simple English for a quick
   and easy read…

   And putting every single step on a clean-cut video that walks
   you through the entire process.

   Digital Product. Image for visualization purpose only.

THE "SOLAR SWITCH" WAS BORN!

   Imagine… A worry-free life and a bank account of savings.

   It's probably the simplest, easiest-to-use A to Z blueprint
   that anyone can follow to make their own cheap green
   electricity, no matter if you have no money to spend on a
   ridiculous off-the-shelf $20k system.

   No matter if you don't have the time or patience to go through
   trials and errors… no matter if you've never built anything
   before (not even an IKEA chair).

   Look: when I finished my research on solar energy, I knew that
   I had found a gold mine. The benefits are nothing short of
   amazing.

   You won't need the grid.

   In a survival scenario, when the power is down (God knows we've
   been through those a lot), or a nationwide blackout sends us
   back into the stone age rendering 21^st-century technology
   obsolete, you'll be safe and sound in your own cozy home. Still
   enjoying a good movie with your loved ones, cuddled up on the
   couch eating popcorn like it's a Friday night.

   You won't need the space:

   The "SOLAR SWITCH" system needs only 5% of the surface used in
   conventional solar panel systems.

   All because of its ingenious vertical design! Many of my
   friends have actually placed it on balconies, so you don't even
   need a backyard! Using less space means that it's easier to
   protect from looters and also easier to keep it a secret from a
   nosy neighbor!

   Plus... There's no maintenance required.

   Just put the system in a sunny spot a few hours a day for a
   full battery charge. Or you can just leave it in one place…
   forgetting about it for a whole year.

   Probably the only time you'll think about it will be once a
   month when the mailman swings by to give an even lighter
   electricity bill filled with "best wishes" from your power
   company.

   And the easy-to-use, no-maintenance "SOLAR SWITCH" system can
   provide you with another colossal advantage…

   It gives you crucial time to do more essential things in a
   crisis.

   While others will be busy dumpster diving for food, your
   "miniature power plant" takes care of itself. You'll have more
   time to protect your family… to learn a valuable skill you can
   barter with… or to be the "Angus MacGyver" of your community.

   More and more people are discovering the joyfulness and peace
   that comes with Off-grid electricity.

Here's What People are
Saying About it

     Robert, from Cleveland

   Brian, your presentation saved my life. I can't believe how
   easy this is. I've shown it to all my friends and they were
   blown away. Thank you for sharing this!
   Robert, from Cleveland

     Christian, from San Diego

   I've saved $292 in the first three months alone, and it's all
   thanks to you. I still can't get over how simple following the
   plan you shared in your presentation was. It was life-changing!
   My monthly bills haven't been over $53 in months! I have my
   life back and it's all because of you!
   Christian, from San Diego

     Ryan, of New Orleans

   After watching your presentation and seeing the science you
   presented, I was M-A-D MAD. I couldn't believe I'd been lied to
   for so many years, when the secret to saving all that money had
   been sitting in front of me. But I will say this: the anger
   turned to pure joy as I started getting those light bills in
   the mail. Who could be angry about that?
   Ryan, of New Orleans

   And now, you too can join in on this life-saving system.

   So, here's my promise:

   If you can push "play" and watch a short video ONCE, you have
   all you need to make your own "personal power plant" and have
   an endless source of cheap green electricity for anything
   heading our way.

   If spending tens of thousands of dollars on a standard solar
   panel system is not your idea of saving money and being
   prepared… if you want to be "energy independent,"… without
   worrying you're leaving the AC or the heater on for too long.
   If you've ever wanted a fun, simple way to build a
   virtually unlimited long-term power backup… almost on
   auto-pilot, then this is it!

   A disaster-proof, recession-proof, drought-proof "solar system"
   that will give you all the money-saving comfort you and your
   family need and deserve.

   It's a step-by-step, newbie, friendly program that will take
   you by the hand and turn the lights on in as little as 4 hours
   from now so you can slash your power bill almost
   immediately without investing thousands of dollars in
   overpriced monopoly-controlled systems.

   But most of all, it will give you the peace of mind that comes
   from knowing that, should anything happen from a merely broken
   power line to a nationwide blackout or worse (we've seen a lot
   of those lately)… Your family won't be at the mercy of the
   others!

   The "Solar Switch" program is jam-packed with all the knowledge
   you need to have super success with solar energy, not in years
   of trials & error, but in as little as a day!

   It took me almost two years to refine my method. Sweat and
   literally tears to see it finally work.

   But in the program, I'm giving you my foolproof shortcut, so
   you don't have to make the same rookie mistakes all over again.

   Going solar can be super-easy…and almost "hands-free,"… but
   only when you have the whole recipe, not just bits and pieces.
   And unlike "emergency power banks," you won't have to wait for
   a crisis to enjoy your savings.

   Since I took up solar, I slashed my power bill by more than 50%
   a month. And with an increase in scale, some people
   actually don't pay a dime on electricity anymore!

   That's thousands of dollars in yearly savings that you can
   enjoy starting today!

   You'll discover the three essential tweaks you can make in
   under 20 minutes… that will maximize your power output by
   almost 200% and a popular one on how to get the same results
   even if you don't have a backyard to begin with.

   You'll get simple, step-by-step blueprints, but the best part
   is the video section of the training… because you'll see every
   little detail, every single step on your screen, and you can
   replay it as many times as you want.

BUT YOU WON'T HAVE TO.

   This is so easy; I guarantee that all you have to do is watch
   the video ONCE…and you'll know how to make your Solar Switch
   system.

   No fancy jargon, no academic lingo, or technical mumbo-jumbo
   that will take an engineering degree to understand.

   One frequent comment that I'm getting is…" Brian, this sounds
   too good to be true. Will I be able to build this, even if I'm
   70 and not very handy with tools?"

   The answer is, making a Solar Switch system is simple, quick,
   and easy.

   Sure… there's some cutting to do, and you might want to have
   someone help you when testing for the perfect tilt and angle.

   When I shot the video, I got lazy and paid someone $40 to give
   me a hand. The fact is you DON'T have to build this yourself if
   you don't want to.

   But if you choose to do it, it will be the most exciting two
   hours you've had in years!

   Your kids are going to love helping you build it and might even
   get an A+ for a small-scale version you'll help them make for
   science class!

   "Solar Switch" is THE solution if you want to be energy
   self-sufficient.

   It's an A to Z, step-by-step, "take you by the hand" blueprint
   and video guide for having your own personal power plant up and
   running by the end of the day!

   But even though I've tried to make the program as complete as
   possible… I know that there will always be more questions.

   That's why with the program, you also get unlimited email
   access where you get to ask me just about everything related to
   the Solar Switch.

   Oh, and there's more!

   If you order the "Solar Switch" program today, you'll also get
   a few exclusive bonuses that will later be off the table if you
   put this off:

Bonus #1

Alternative Electric Energy Sources for Your Homestead

   It's a special report that puts "Solar Switch" on over-drive,
   and turns it into a foolproof disaster proof and EMP proof off
   grid power source for any impending emergency!

   It's more than a power plant: with this special protection
   system, your family will have electricity even if, God forbid,
   an all out EMP or natural disaster takes out the grid for
   months on end... so you'll never be "in the dark" in a crisis
   situation.

Bonus #2

How to Build Your Energy Stockpile

   This radical report will help you store the excess power the
   Solar Switch system will be putting out. So none of that
   valuable power juice goes to waste.

   You will find out what are the best methods to do so, and what
   types of batteries to use... How to revive old ones and how to
   make ones from scraps laying around your house or in some cases
   forgotten in your garage.

Bonus #3

How to Protect Your Homestead in case of an EMP

   This special report lists the absolute essentials... that many
   so-called energy enthusiasts never even consider.

   And you'll get it for free, when you test the Solar Switch
   guide.

   But before I tell you how you can do that… let me ask you this:

HOW MUCH IS IT WORTH TO YOU TO LITERALLY
SAVE UP TO 68% ON ELECTRICITY BILLS FOR GOOD?

   Money that otherwise would head down that Spartan Bottomless
   Pit the power execs call their pockets and how much is it worth
   it to you to know your family will stay healthy, happy, and
   well-fed whatever might be heading our way and to know they
   don't have to know they won't have to go through the agony of
   home invasion, freezing cold and starvation like everyone else.

   If this power system helps you plug the deadly leaks in your
   bank account if it helps you put food on your kids' table when
   the world outside is on fire if it finally gives you the peace
   of mind you deserve knowing that you've done everything to keep
   your family alive in the coming blackout, how much would that
   be worth?

   You could try a second mortgage on a traditional solar panel
   system from a private contractor (AKA Still Your Power
   Company) that would cost you anywhere between $17,000 and
   $43,000, and even then, you'd still have to go through the
   legal mumbo-jumbo of connecting it to the grid.

   Or you could go the long way, start researching, do two years'
   worth of trial and error and build one yourself, like I did,
   spending thousands of dollars in the process, not to mention
   wasting 2twowhole years on something that's already on the
   table here and now.

   The costliest of them all, though, is to do nothing, and I
   don't want to scare you or anything. Still, the truth is most
   people will just sit on their couches and watch what the
   corporate media shills decide to broadcast as "the
   reality," and when the coming all grid collapse
   happens, they'll be just as surprised as they were on 9/11.

   How would it feel to be stuck in a severe crisis… whether it's
   personal finance nationwide, and to look back and know that you
   could have made your family's life so much easier, simply by
   watching a video for 20 minutes?

   Once you absorb the "Solar Switch" program, the possibilities
   are endless because there's no energy guru out there who's
   willing to "open the dojo" and share their secrets on the way I
   did it.

   The "Solar Switch" program will show you how to build your own
   silent "pocket power plant"… saving hard-earned cash on those
   dreaded bills year in and out starting today and put that money
   into something more useful.

   Buy your significant others something nice… take your family on
   a stunning vacation, or just enjoy life the way you want to.

   I could easily take this material, turn it into an exclusive
   weekend seminar and charge $1000 a seat. With so many reach
   green energy enthusiasts out there, I know it would be a
   no-brainer to many.

   But frankly, I'm a bit tired of seeing these rich guys on TV
   with their million-dollar set-ups and off-grid systems.

   They've already got more toys than they need.

   "Solar Switch" was born from the idea that "energy
   independence" and home safety should be something everyone can
   afford.

   Because the more self-reliant families there will be in
   America, the easier it will be to rebuild it to what it once
   was.

   So, I'm not going to ask you to invest $1000 in this training
   even though I know it's worth at least that.

   It won't cost you $500 either.


   Heck, it won't even cost you $247, even though my wife tells me
   that should be the absolute minimum I should offer this
   training course for because it's so valuable.

   No. I decided to do something that might sound a bit crazy.

   I'm going to set the price of "Solar Switch" at just $89.

   But as long as this presentation is up, I'll let you have the
   complete program for just $39 today.

   But the only way to secure your spot in the program is to click
   the Order button now!

   Order Now For An Amazing $50 Discount!

Solar Switch

   [6][button.png]

Only $39

   I can't guarantee that I can keep this price for longer,
   especially since we're giving unlimited email support… so don't
   get mad if you come here in a few days and see that the price
   has gone back up.

   And really… the price doesn't even matter.

That's because you're covered by Brian Kay's "No Questions Asked
Money Back Guarantee" for two whole months.

   Here's how this works:

   Just say "Maybe" to the "Solar Switch" program.

   If you ever watched a short video and followed simple
   instructions, then you already have all you need to know to
   have an endless supply of green, cheap electricity for your
   family.

   We've made this as newbie-friendly as we could.

   Watch the short and simple video.

   It takes less than an episode of M.A.S.H. 4077 to know how to
   make a Solar Switch system.

   You have to be completely thrilled with how easy this is to
   build and with how much you'll be saving in the first two
   months alone, or simply send me an email in the next 60 days,
   and I'll give you a full refund no questions asked.

It will be hard to find a better proposition than this

   And if you're still having second thoughts, simply click the
   shiny button below, enter your credit card details, and you'll
   receive the complete "Solar Switch" package so you can get
   started right away.

   So, there you have it:

   In this presentation, you've seen how a small neighborhood
   blackout almost got my family and me killed. And how, like
   clockwork, every time the grid takes a dive, everyone in this
   country is at life-threatening risk.

   I've shown you how energy prices are taking a double whammy
   when greedy power companies have seized control of the cheapest
   and most reliable green power source on the planet… that's why
   most "of the shelf" solar systems are outrageously expensive,
   and unless you're rich, it's unlikely you'll ever have one
   hanging on your roof.

   And I've shown you why the Solar Switch step-by-step video
   guide and blueprint is THE best way to take towards saving on
   bills while being prepared for that disaster that's looming
   over our heads each and every day.

   Now, the ball is in your court.

   Because this presentation is almost over…and this website may
   not be up when you return.

   So, the choice is yours… Either go ahead and close out this
   window… That's your right, of course, and there won't be any
   hard feelings on my end.

   But just remember that later today, or tomorrow, or a week from
   now, as you're opening another bill, you don't want to be
   staring at the damned 3-digit number on the "total" line or
   killing those porch lights because you really can't afford to
   have them on all night.

   Aren't you going to think of this presentation and wish you had
   made the completely risk-free decision to try it for yourself?

   This is about your family… its comfort, and its safety.

   With all of today's technology… one single grid failure can
   send us all back into the dark ages.

   So, wouldn't you trade 4 hours and a risk-free deal for the
   chance to live a worry-free life?

   It's your decision, but I think you already know what needs to
   be done.

   I made that same decision two years ago, but only after I
   almost got my family killed due to my cocky ignorance.

   And it took me that long to right my wrongs.

   Thank God Annie was too little to remember it, but I do… My
   wife does… and although it was a traumatizing experience, it
   got me here with you.

   I went through my ordeal so you would never have to, and with
   Solar Switch, you'll not only be protected at all times… but
   you'll be saving money day in and out, and you won't have to
   wait for a disaster to get "dividends" from your investment.

   Because it's the best cheap energy source, you could hope for
   to last you through a decade-long depression while watching
   cash piling up in your savings account with each second that
   passes by.

   It doesn't require maintenance, it doesn't require work, it's
   silent, and it doesn't require space.

   What it does need is an open mind.

   Try the program now… see how fun it is to build your Solar
   Switch system. Experience the thrill of ripping-open your first
   one-digit bill of your life.

   And know that if the worst does happen, you no longer have to
   worry about putting safety, comfort, and food on the table.

   Remember, you're getting all my hard-learned lessons in a
   "beginner-friendly" package along with unlimited access via
   email for LIFE.

Bonus #1

   You're getting my unique "Homestead EMP Protection Protocol"
   report for protecting your home and power supply from any
   disaster, EMP, or all-out blackout that might be heading our
   way.

Bonus #2

   You'll also get a special report on "Energy Stockpiling
   Secrets,"… so you'll never waste any of that precious power
   juice the Solar Switch system will be pumping day in and out.

Bonus #3

   And you'll get my special report titled "Homestead Alternative
   Energy Sources," that will show you how to tap into all the
   available natural energy resources Mother Nature has to offer.

   All this, without risking a dime.

   This time next year, you're going to look back, congratulating
   yourself on making a good decision.

   Just imagine:

   You're ecstatic because you're about to pay for that beautiful
   cruise your wife had always dreamed about.

   And you're proud! Yes, you're proud, and you have every right
   to be because you and your family are safe and free.

   You made the right decision and seized the opportunity to be
   independent and protected at all times.

   So, go ahead and click the "Order now" button below.

   Digital Product. Image for visualization purpose only.

   Order Now For An Amazing $50 Discount!

Solar Switch

   [7][button.png]

Only $39

   I'll be waiting for you with a special message in the "members
   area" and with another bonus that's too hot to mention here.

Still around?

LET ME ANSWER A FEW COMMON QUESTIONS I KEEP GETTING ABOUT THE "SOLAR
SWITCH" SYSTEM.

     * Q.If Going Solar is so good, why aren't more people doing
       it?
       A.Right from the very start of the program you'll see a
       complete list of tools you'll need to put together the
       Solar Switch… Both in the video and in the tools & parts
       documentation.
     * Q.How hard will this be to make?
       A.This is so simple and easy to build, you'll kick yourself
       for not taking up solar energy earlier. The whole thing
       takes 2 hours, doesn't require strength, and the most
       difficult task you'll do is just a bit of cutting. That's
       all, and really there's no excuse for not giving it a try.
       In fact, if you don't want to lift a finger, you can still
       do this. Just pay someone $50 to watch the short video and
       to put together the system for you.
     * Q.How long will this take??
       A.It will take you a little over 30 minutes to watch the
       video. And that's it. Building the system takes under 2
       hours if you're slow. A lot less if someone's helping you.
     * Q.I don't have a lot of space. Will this work for me?
       A.Not only it will work for you… but it's probably the best
       kind of “solar array” you could hope for. That's because
       you can make use of any space – not just a backyard, but
       also a balcony. And the best thing is… I designed the Solar
       Switch so it wouldn't kill my tiny yard. That is… The whole
       system is less than 10 sq ft.
     * Q.I live in a cold state. Will this work for me?
       A.It definitely will. Solar is not about hot or cold… It's
       about the sun… And the coldest winter days are the sunny
       ones.
     * Q.Can I power an entire house with this?
       A.I don't suggest that you rely on any ONE particular
       source of electricity, because if that source is gone, your
       family is exposed. That being said, the Solar Switch system
       can definitely power an entire house, but it all comes down
       to how much power you're actually using. The system can be
       scaled to give you as much power as you want, and adding
       new modules is easy as pie once you understand the simple
       principles behind how the Solar Switch works.
     * Q."Is this really risk-free?"
       A.Yes! As I said, you're covered by my two months “no
       questions asked” money-back guarantee.
       If for any reason, you want to return the program, you have
       60 full days to do so.
       No hassles, no gimmicks, no hard feelings.
       That's why it's crucial that if you decide to try the Solar
       Switch, you do it fast.
       So why not do it now?
       Spend 30 minutes watching a simple video… for a lifetime of
       savings and safety.

   So, go on, click on the "Order Now" button below, and let the
   Solar Switch give you the peace of mind you deserve.

   Digital Product. Image for visualization purpose only.

   Order Now For An Amazing $50 Discount!

Solar Switch

   [8][button.png]

Only $39

   [9]Get 30% OFF NOW!
   [10]Click Here
   ClickBank is the retailer of products on this site. CLICKBANK®
   is a registered trademark of Click Sales, Inc., a Delaware
   corporation located at 1444 S. Entertainment Ave., Suite 410
   Boise, ID 83709, USA and used by permission. ClickBank's role
   as retailer does not constitute an endorsement, approval or
   review of these products or any claim, statement or opinion
   used in promotion of these products. The thoughts and opinions
   expressed here are those of the seller(s) alone and do not
   necessarily reflect the views of Click Sales, Inc., its
   parents, subsidiaries or affiliates. The products, information,
   and other content provided by this seller are provided for
   informational purposes only. In the event of any problem with
   products that customers purchase through this seller, customers
   agree that their sole remedy is from the seller, if any, in
   accordance with any seller warranties and/or seller refund
   policy. Brian Kay is a pen name.

     * [11]Disclaimer
     * [12]Privacy Policy
     * [13]Refunds
     * [14]Contact
     * [15]Affiliates

   Copyright 2018 - SolarSwitch - All Rights Reserved

References

   Visible links:
   1. https://solarswitch.org/feed/
   2. https://solarswitch.org/comments/feed/
   3. https://solarswitch.org/wp-json/wp/v2/pages/1530
   4. https://solarswitch.org/wp-json/oembed/1.0/embed?url=https://solarswitch.org/tsl/
   5. https://solarswitch.org/wp-json/oembed/1.0/embed?url=https://solarswitch.org/tsl/&format=xml
   6. https://solarsw.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=1&cbfid=48989&template=checkout1&exitoffer=exit1
   7. https://solarsw.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=1&cbfid=48989&template=checkout1&exitoffer=exit1
   8. https://solarsw.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=1&cbfid=48989&template=checkout1&exitoffer=exit1
   9. https://www.solarswitch.org/disc1
  10. https://www.solarswitch.org/disc1
  11. https://solarswitch.org/disclaimer/
  12. https://solarswitch.org/privacy-policy/
  13. https://solarswitch.org/refunds/
  14. https://solarswitch.org/contact/
  15. https://solarswitch.org/affiliates/

   Hidden links:
  17. https://solarswitch.org/wp-content/uploads/2023/SS_Demonstration.mp4