   How to Thrive Without
   Doctors, Hospitals, or 911...

Hi, my name is Henry Morris.

   And I lost my brother… My flesh and blood… The boy I raised to
   be a man… A decorated war hero… to a Salmonella infection... In
   21st century America.

   And I'll never forget the doctor's words:

   "If his heart stops, should I try to bring him back? Or do you
   want me to… let him go?”

   John's doctor was in turmoil. He'd never lost a patient to this
   condition before. But this time, it was different…

   My dear brother passed away that night on a cold, hard
   stretcher in the hallway of an emergency department. He was 29
   years old.

   When he walked through the doors of the ER that day...

John couldn't imagine how badly the US healthcare system was about to
fail him.

   And he loved his country.

   He served two tours in Afghanistan, came home with a Purple
   Heart... And, of all things, it was a simple salmonella
   infection that took him out...
   Flag

   So how did my healthy baby brother get cut down in the prime of
   his life by something as banal as Salmonella? That might be
   lethal in a third-world country, but not here. It's easy to
   treat... as long as you have access to timely healthcare.

It's something that just shouldn't happen. Not in our day and age…

   But it did… And this tragedy made me realize… When SHTF and
   everything in our society grinds to a halt, and no doctors are
   around… We're left to fend for ourselves… And knowledge is
   life.

   Knowing how to spot an early symptom... Knowing how to treat
   something as common as food poisoning… or a simple bruise…
   knowing how to fix a broken bone or a dislocated shoulder can
   make the difference between life and death when first
   responders are nowhere in sight, and help isn't on the way.

   So…

This tragedy forced me to look for an alternative health safety net
for me, my wife, and my two little boys.

   Something I wish I would have done earlier… Because if I did,
   my dear brother John might still be here with us today.

   So, stick with me for the next five minutes, and I'll tell you
   all about my encounter with a doctor "out of this world"… who
   led me to change the way I think about surviving a no-doctor
   scenario... giving me the missing element every true patriot
   should have:

The ultimate guide to survival medicine that will ensure your
family's health and safety through the turmoil that's about to hit...

   You'll learn how to heal almost any injury, short of surgery,
   like gunshots, stab wounds, fractures, or burns… How to treat
   and avoid infectious diseases that could leave you disabled,
   disfigured, and grief-stricken…

   How to accurately diagnose a health problem, radiation
   poisoning, frostbite, a heart attack, and subtle threats even
   professionals miss… And you'll get step-by-step advice on what
   to do if you're first on the scene in an emergency when every
   second counts to keep someone breathing.
   Aid

   And I'm also going to reveal something troubling… John's real
   cause of death: A devastating 40-year trend that threatens the
   future of every single American, already claiming lives like
   John's. A real healthcare system "time bomb" that's about to
   detonate right in the middle of the US...

   And I'll explain what you must do today to ensure that you and
   your family not only survive... but thrive in the upcoming
   unrest heading our way.

   However, let me be clear. I'm not suggesting you skip the
   doctor if one's available…

My aim is to give you a foolproof health safety net.

   One I hope you'll NEVER need but will always be there if you
   do. One I wish I had two years ago… when I lost John…

   Because there's nothing worse than watching someone you care
   for pass away… Or scream in agony from an accident, injury, or
   illness that's easy to fix if only you had the right knowledge…

   Neither is there a better feeling in this world than the
   gratitude from somebody whose life you've just saved. Or the
   happiness of a loved one spared from a final goodbye.
   Gratitude

   So, having the ability to make pain, sickness, or discomfort
   simply VANISH, with what feels like basic "no-brainer"
   know-how, is pure gold…

   But before we get into that, I want you to know what got my
   brother killed in the first place, why it happened to him, and
   why, in a way, it might happen to you too.

So what I'm about to tell you right now, you might find DISTURBING:

   The media is not saying a word because it would generate mass
   hysteria and chaos. But the REAL truth I'm about to expose will
   make even the most tough-minded patriot's blood boil.

   At the time of John's tragic and needless passing, hospitals
   everywhere were overwhelmed by a virus raging around the world.
   Virus

   Out of all the hospitals within a helicopter ride of where he
   was when he fell ill... none had the resources needed to save
   his life. There were just too many sick people to give everyone
   the treatment they needed, even if they'd die without it.

But this isn't about the virus… This is deeper than that.

   What happened to John is the natural evolution of a frightening
   pattern that's been weakening the American healthcare system
   for over four decades and putting people just like you and me
   at risk of losing our current access to medical care.
   Collapse

   Medical professionals, doctors, and nurses are sounding alarm
   bells in every state across the nation - including the state
   where you live... With "red alerts" about the future of your
   health being issued right now by experts across the political
   spectrum:

Our entire healthcare system is in a state of collapse.

   No one knows how long we have until it falls apart completely.
   And most people have never even given any thought to what they
   would do in an emergency if there was no way to quickly get
   help from a doctor, a nurse, or an EMT.

   Most of the concerned patriots who try to stay ready for
   anything are actually overlooking something vitally important.

   You may know how to raise animals for food and butcher your own
   meat.

   You may know how to grow and store your own fruits and
   vegetables.

   But if you don't make a plan for your health... then all of
   your survival skills put together are worth nothing. If you're
   not prepared for this, then you may as well not prepare at all.

   Now… Since you've found this page and you're still reading...
   you're probably one of the realists. That means you're very
   aware of the fact that your and your family's future safety may
   come down to the actions you take RIGHT NOW to prepare.

   And some people think it's eccentric or even flat-out crazy to
   spend time and money preparing to survive SHTF scenarios.

   Me?

I think it's crazy NOT to prepare.

   No one is safe from natural disasters or any of the other
   catastrophic events that could befall any and all of us in the
   future.

   Whether it's foreign terrorists, domestic terrorists, civil
   war, EMP events, or nuclear attacks by China, Russia, or North
   Korea... all of these possibilities are very real.
   Nuke

   Anyone who tells you otherwise is either in denial or
   uninformed. It's enough to look at what's unfolding right now
   in some parts of the world to get a good feeling of what might
   go down on a global scale.

   The good news is... you CAN prepare for the chaotic and
   dangerous crisis heading our way.

And in this short presentation, you'll learn how to do just that.

   Because the surprising medical knowledge I'm about to share has
   actually been used to save thousands of lives even in the
   poorest countries where healthcare is still at 1800s standards
   at best, and even in places like parts of Africa, where
   healthcare and hospitals don't even exist…

   So stick with me for the next five minutes, and I'll tell you
   everything you need to know about keeping yourself and your
   loved ones safe and healthy when immediate professional
   healthcare is nowhere in sight.

   As I said, My name is Henry Morris. I'm a retired army veteran
   and writer for Survivopedia.com. One of America's leading
   disaster preparedness websites.
   HenrySVP

   Over the last 10 years, we've become THE go-to source of
   survival knowledge for millions of Americans. So, you'd think
   we'd have seen it all…

   But even WE were horrified by just how vulnerable and close to
   collapse our health system TRULY is…

   You probably remember watching the news back in 2020. Every
   night we saw another set of refrigerator trucks, packed from
   top to bottom with dead bodies because the morgues were all
   full.

I'll never forget the image of simple wooden coffins being lowered
into a mass grave in New York City.

   I'll never forget the videos posted by exhausted and
   traumatized doctors and nurses, explaining how the daily
   nightmare at work was crushing their spirit.
   Doctors

   And I'll never forget thinking… "God forbid if a loved one got
   sick and needs rapid treatment from a doctor."

   But as I and the rest of the country were still in shock,
   watching this on TV, hoping it wouldn't happen to me or my
   family… A lot of people found themselves in the retched spot of
   actually needing to see a doctor…

And one of those people was my brother, John.

   And John was tough. We grew up on the streets of Baltimore,
   making our way through a hard childhood, moving from one foster
   family to the next. And I was always there for my little
   brother.

   Always looking out for him, taking the blame, and even the
   beatings sometimes… Doing my best to keep him away from the
   ugliness of the world we found ourselves thrown in.

   As he got older, John wanted to follow in my footsteps, and he
   joined the military. He served two tours in Afghanistan and was
   honorably discharged with a Purple Heart...
   Heart

   I was so proud of my little brother…
   And I was so happy he was back home safe.

All until the evening of March 18th, 2020. The worst day of my life.

   I was mowing the lawn when I saw my wife slamming the back door
   and running towards me... I knew something was wrong...

   "Honey... It's John... he's in the hospital... it's really
   bad!"

   I couldn't move for a minute...

   Shocked... It must be a mistake... I talked to him on the phone
   a few days ago...

   I rushed to the hospital, only to find out I wasn't allowed in
   due to quarantine rules. I was less than 100 feet from my dying
   brother, and I couldn't even see him.

   I begged the nurses in the ER to tell me what's going on… I
   wanted to know how my 29 y.o. brother ended up in critical
   condition at the hospital… when only two days ago, he was happy
   and healthy.

   The doctor came out to talk to me… he was exhausted… and
   devastated… And I'll never forget what he asked me…

"If his heart stops, should I try to bring him back? Or do you want
me to… let him go?"

   Let him go… how? I mean… why? Why is he here? What happened?

   "He's dying… From something I'd never would have thought I'd
   lose a patient for… a Salmonella infection.

   “Unfortunately, he got here a day too late… And is severely
   dehydrated… To the point where it has affected his brain. We're
   keeping him on life support, but there's nothing else we can do
   for him… And right now, and I'm sorry to say this because I
   know how absurd it might sound… he's just holding up a bed for
   someone else in need.”

   “So… again... If his heart stops, should I try to bring him
   back? Or do I have your permission to let him go?"

   I never would have thought I'd be in this position… In 21st
   century America, I was looking at signing off my brother's
   death certificate… because of a common Salmonella food
   poisoning.

But we didn't get to finish the grim conversation…

   A nurse came out for the doctor. John had passed away.

   My heart was pounding out of my chest… Like I'd been hit with a
   sledgehammer. I was speechless… And I just… I couldn't pull
   myself together. What the doctor asked me… and then the nurse
   telling me he's already gone…

   I don't remember getting home that night from the hospital… I
   was in so much pain… And nothing could take it away. Our whole
   childhood flashing before my eyes… Both the good and the bad…
   Everything we had to go through to make it in life… I loved
   him!... And I miss him!...

   After the funeral, I just wasn't myself… I couldn't believe
   this could happen… How? How did Salmonella get to kill my
   brother, a decorated war hero… Where bullets, bombs, and the
   Taliban couldn't.

   I was angry. I felt this choking cloak of anger clouding my
   judgment…

What would happen if my wife or my little boys needed medical help?

   Will they find themselves dying on a cold stretcher like my
   poor brother, John?

   And the one simple and rotten answer is… YES. They will!

   Our medical system is crumbling. And an outbreak FAR MORE
   deadly might be right around the corner…
   Ebola

   Something with the 90% kill rate of a disease like Ebola vs.
   the less than 1% we saw in 2020. Which, if it acted in a
   similar way, would kill over forty million Americans…

   That's enough to shatter society…

So I knew I had to find an alternative source of medical knowledge…

   Something that could help me build a health safety net for me
   and my family, giving us the peace of mind that we'd be
   prepared if an emergency hit and 911 would turn into a dead
   line. And something that would be reliable both in the comfort
   of our home or, if God forbid, we had to bug out and leave
   everything behind to save our lives.

   Now… being an army veteran and specializing in wilderness
   survival, I had good knowledge on how to tackle some of the
   medical emergencies one might face out in the wild. But being
   prepared for a full spectrum of day-to-day medical conditions…
   that wasn't something that I was really familiar with. I knew
   how to provide first aid, but nothing at the level I needed for
   my entire family.

   So I reached out to my contacts in the survival and off-grid
   community and even to some of my old army pals. I wanted to
   know more about what was causing all this… and what I could do
   to reach my goal of having the backup medical knowledge
   required to keep my family safe.

And what I found out SHOCKED me.

   We're looking at a profound, nationwide doctor and medical
   staff deficit within the next three years or less.

   2020 and 2021 were not normal years for our health system. But
   this goes way before a worldwide virus pushed medical systems
   to their breaking point...

   The seeds of this upcoming catastrophe were planted back in
   1981.

   That's when a US government-commissioned study was published
   warning of an upcoming "doctor surplus" they expected to see in
   the next few years.
   Study

   And the government took the results very seriously.

Because it all came down… to MONEY.

   Since the average doctor graduates medical school with
   significant debt, an abundance of doctors would drive wages
   down… And this could leave thousands of doctors unable to ever
   pay off the cost of their expensive education.

   So the government began taking steps to counteract the
   so-called "doctor surplus."
   Surplus

   They withdrew federal funding for medical scholarships and
   residency programs. They raised the standards of residency
   training in order to make it harder for hospitals to offer
   residencies at all.

   And med schools also took action to prevent the "doctor
   surplus." The schools froze admissions and cut student
   enrollment. Plus, they made an agreement to discourage the
   opening of new medical schools.

   Just a few years after the report was published, the number of
   students who graduated from med school began to drop.

   And as a result...

The greatest country in the world now has fewer doctors than almost
any other wealthy country.

   I was stunned when I found that out.

   Thanks to a series of bad decisions by government bureaucrats,
   our tax dollars went towards LIMITING the number of doctors who
   graduate from American medical schools. And now, we don't have
   enough.

   Our healthcare system has been broken for years, and this is
   just one of many reasons.

   Soon, it will collapse completely, and it will be harder to
   access professional medical treatment. At times, it may even be
   downright impossible.

I call this the Healthcare Scarcity Crisis.

   You don't need a crystal ball to see that millions of
   hard-working Americans just like you and me... are in critical
   danger. We're at risk of losing access to basic healthcare.

   Doctors and nurses are abandoning the industry in droves. Over
   the course of less than two years, in 2020 and 2021, one in
   five healthcare workers abandoned the industry.

   And entire hospitals abruptly closing and going bankrupt...
   like two hospitals in Milam County, Texas, did in 2019...
   Texas

   You're going to wonder exactly what you can do to prepare for
   the upcoming days when it will be harder to access medical care
   and medical professionals, particularly on an emergency basis.

   In 2018, long before the world went crazy with quarantines and
   mandates about personal medical decisions, 46% of doctors
   surveyed in a study said they were so dissatisfied with their
   jobs that they planned to change career paths.
   Article

   The author of the article said, "Our study demonstrates that
   the US healthcare workforce is in peril. If even one-third to
   one-half of nurses and physicians carry out their expressed
   intentions to cut back or leave, we won't have enough staff to
   meet the needs of patients."

   It's not hard to see that if a large percentage of doctors
   leave the field or reduce their hours...

   Then working conditions for other doctors and nurses will
   become much worse due to the inevitable increase in their
   workloads.

   That will result in even more of them quitting.
   Quit

   If you think a healthcare workers' strike is bad... imagine
   what it would be like if they never came back to work at all.

But if things continue as they are right now, there's a good chance
that there just won't be many hospitals anymore.

   In February 2020, before the virus came and turned the world
   upside down, 1 in 4 rural hospitals was at risk of shutting
   down permanently. That's 453 hospitals in total.
   Close

   Geographic areas with no hospitals are sometimes called
   "hospital deserts," and 1 in 5 US counties fit this description
   in 2021.
   Deserts

   And if you think you're safer because you live in a city...
   I've got bad news because urban medical centers have been
   closing, too.

   Across the entire country, from Providence Hospital in
   Washington, DC... to Saint Vincent Medical Center in Los
   Angeles...

   City hospitals are shutting their doors forever despite the
   fact that the population keeps going up and up.

   There's no way of telling how many more American hospitals will
   be forced to go out of business forever... but the trend shows
   no sign of slowing down.

   And when you contemplate all of these hospital closures, along
   with the other factors in the Healthcare Scarcity Crisis... the
   future of access to medical care in America looks very grim.

   If hearing all this scares you... it should.

And as bad as all of this sounds... it could get even worse.

   Because what happened in 2021 in some parts of the country
   would become a nationwide standard when the next, more severe,
   pandemic or disaster hits.

   As the virus was raging, healthcare providers were forced to
   implement "crisis standards of care" in parts of Alaska and
   Montana, along with the entire state of Idaho.

   No one chooses to use crisis standards unless it's as a last
   resort. And they're not nearly as bad as Universal DNR Orders.
   DNR

   You've probably heard about DNR orders and that it stands for
   "Do Not Resuscitate." And when we think of DNR orders... we
   usually think of heroic measures, like shocking someone's heart
   with a defibrillator.

   In reality... a DNR order could mean WITHHOLDING ANY treatment.

It could mean no medication - even an aspirin or Benadryl.

   It could mean something as simple as not holding a cloth
   against a wound to stop the bleeding... even if that meant the
   difference between saving someone's life and leaving them to
   bleed to death.

   So if doctors and nurses continue to leave healthcare
   entirely...

   And hospitals continue to close and file for bankruptcy...

   Then the ones that are still open will need to ration care… and
   could be forced by necessity to place a Universal DNR Order on
   you and everyone else the minute you walk in the door.

   Meaning that the doctors and nurses may decide they need to
   mark every new patient for death, including you. (And you'd
   have no way of knowing.)
   check mark

   Even if you're healthy.
   check mark

   Even if your condition is easy to treat.
   check mark

   Even if you have good insurance.
   check mark

   Even if you can afford to pay out of pocket on the spot.

   That may sound extreme to you.

   But it's exactly what medical professionals are trained to do
   in the military.

   It's called "reverse triage."

That means they decide who's least likely to survive...

   DNR2

   And then they just don't treat them unless, by some miracle,
   the situation changes fast enough to give these unfortunate
   people a chance.

   So instead of trying to save the lives of nearly everyone they
   treat... doctors and nurses could be choosing on the fly who
   should live... and who should be left to die without medical
   care, even if their illness is treatable.

   And that's how John ended up in the morgue…

   And… I'm not blaming the doctors or the nurses. They were
   working in literal virus warzones, and they did whatever they
   had to do to save more lives. They're heroes, just like John.

   I'm blaming the system. I'm blaming the 40-year
   government-induced shortage of doctors that got John dying from
   Salmonella.

   Our healthcare system is not going to be with us for much
   longer. Not in its current form.

And the way I see it, the only person who will always be there for
me... is me.

   And if I don't have the right information to keep myself and my
   loved ones safe, when hits... Then my family and I are as good
   as dead.

   That means I HAVE to understand the basics of caring for myself
   and my family in a crisis situation… And I HAVE to have a plan
   for what to do when the healthcare system collapses.

   So what could I do?

Thankfully, my friends that I reached out to from the international
survival community told me about a hidden 'medical gemstone.'

   And it's not a what, but a WHOM. A man who many regard as a
   medical genius…

   His name is Dr. Radu Scurtu.
   Radu

   Because although he now works as a hospital surgeon in France,
   Dr. Scurtu first earned his stripes in the harsh medical
   systems of eastern Europe, in post-communist Romania. Where
   chaos was king.

   In terms of geography, Romania is less than six thousand miles
   away from the United States.

   But if you measure the distance in the quality of their
   healthcare systems in the 2000s or earlier... they may as well
   have been on different planets.

   In those days, the healthcare system in Romania was so
   under-resourced that it was like being stuck in another
   century.

   And not even the 1900s. More like the 1800s. Or even earlier.

   I'm talking NO electricity, medicine, basics like plastic
   tubing, or EVEN disinfectants… Since corrupt officials would
   often water it down to nothing.
   Romania1

   A system where doctors and nurses fled for other countries in
   droves, inflicting horrific staff shortages, and where victims
   usually wouldn't die of their injuries, even non-threatening
   ones, but instead perished from infections they'd pick up IN
   THE HOSPITAL… While crammed two to a bed, alongside rats,
   cockroaches, or the corpses, drunk orderlies were too lazy to
   remove…
   Romania2

   So for his first few years as a doctor, Radu Scurtu toiled
   under those appalling conditions… And since then, he has also
   worked in some of the toughest places on earth… including war
   theaters in Africa, facing threats few other doctors have
   faced…

All of which makes Dr. Scurtu uniquely placed when it comes to
survival...

   As there aren't many, who share his hellish experience…

   He is now a hospital surgeon in France. So he went from one of
   the worst medical systems in the world... to some of the best.

   But when Dr. Scurtu transitioned "between centuries," he
   brought something special along with him. He brought the
   knowledge of practicing medicine under circumstances that the
   average doctor in a wealthy country would find nearly
   impossible.

   Romania taught him ingenuity and self-reliance. Western Europe
   gave him world-class equipment, facilities, and modern
   resources.
   Radu2

   So while he makes full use of cutting-edge medicine... he also
   knows how to make do with zero access to sophisticated tests or
   tools.

   And that background made him the perfect person to answer all
   my questions about what to do in an emergency if there were no
   access to healthcare professionals. Temporarily... or even
   permanently.

   Dr. Scurtu was very patient with the fact that I was a total
   newbie when it came to medical knowledge.

And he was unfailingly generous in sharing what he knew.

   The most important thing Dr. Scurtu taught me is that YOU can
   survive ANYTHING.

   Even if your current health is a mess, as long as you do three
   basic things...

Number 1 - Prioritize

   Most of your risk from infectious disease can be restricted to
   just a few easy-to-dodge threats…

   Like bacteria-caused diarrheal disease. One of the world's top
   killers, at 1.6 million deaths a year… Even in the US, where
   outbreaks follow EVERY major disaster…
   Bacteria

   One of the most effective treatments for which is "oral
   rehydration therapy." Which sounds complicated until you
   realize it's just sugar, salt, and water (mixed in a specific
   ratio) that a patient is asked to drink, to balance their
   fluids and stay alive.

   And this one, in particular, hit me hard because this is
   exactly what could have saved my brother, John…

   Overall, this simple trick saves 2 million lives a year...

   And costs just a few cents.

   Yet, I bet most people don't know about it and will panic once
   over-the-counter drugs become unavailable…

   Then there's…

Number 2 - Keep It Simple

   Because you don't need an advanced medical degree or a vault
   full of expensive gear and supplies to save lives...

   This was something Dr. Scurtu was openly shocked by when he
   first came to the west. With its emphasis on fragile technology
   and treatment vs. prevention and value.

   For instance, tendinitis that's treated with $1000 cortisone
   injections in the US, when a simple $10 shoe insert works fine.
   Shoe

   This even happens in survival circles. Where many spend tens of
   thousands of dollars on overpriced equipment, like
   defibrillators, masks, or stethoscopes, yet don't know how to
   improvise in a pinch…

   A fact that could quickly spell your end if SHTF and such gear
   was out of sight. Or didn't work.

   Like how to make a tourniquet from a tie and spoon or a bandage
   and stick that stops heavy bleeding in seconds.

   How to improvise a splint from a plank, pillow, or rolled-up
   newspaper...

   Reattach a tooth with salt water...

   Safely dress a burn in food wrap or a plastic bag.

   Or modify trousers to accommodate a fracture.

   Plus, a wide range of powerful proven-to-work home remedies…
   Like the common kitchen spice that's used to beat a mouth
   infection or the driveway weed used to relieve pain.

   All of which are low-tech, scalable, and easy to do.

   And finally, there's...

Number 3 - Think Long Term

   Because studies show us that, even a month or more into a
   catastrophe, deaths are still likely to climb... While the
   impact of something like an economic collapse, natural
   disaster, or a new disease can last for years… Raising your
   odds, something will go wrong.

   And that's a problem you can easily avoid by focusing on
   prevention vs. reaction. Which is something conventional first
   aid misses entirely…

   For instance, by skipping basic hygiene. Like how to safely
   dispose of household waste. Despite the fact, the humble toilet
   has saved over a billion lives since its discovery...

   More than pasteurization, needles, or even antibiotics, where
   "lives saved" ONLY sits in the hundreds of millions.

   Or simple skills, like water filtration...
   Water

   After all, it wasn't long ago hundreds of thousands of Puerto
   Ricans were forced to bathe in filthy rivers when sewers
   overflowed after Hurricane Maria.

   And millions were left without working bathrooms following
   Hurricane Katrina.

   Or 10 million Texans were left without safe drinking water
   after ice storms in 2021.

   And they were lucky.

   How many first-aid guides also cover how to make your own
   antiseptic and sanitizer?

   With common ingredients, like alcohol, or vinegar, which are
   strong enough to kill Salmonella, E. coli, influenza, and more…
   Nobacteria

   Plus, a million other lifesavers...

   As I learned more and more from Dr. Scurtu and became more and
   more prepared to rely upon myself if need be in emergencies and
   disaster situations...

I realized that EVERYONE should have the information and the wisdom
Dr. Scurtu was showering me with.

   And so I asked him if he wanted to collaborate with me in
   getting this gold mine of vital survival medicine info out into
   the world. That's why, after a lot of coaxing and a bit of
   emotional blackmail, I, at last, convinced the good doctor to
   share his most valued lessons in one in-depth volume…

   He'd dedicated himself to saving lives many years ago. And he
   was willing to work with me to save even more people than he
   ever could one to one by sharing what he knew.

So we began to write a course together.

   He brought his years of medical training, his "in the trenches"
   skills he developed in Romania and Africa, and his knowledge of
   medicine as it's practiced today in elite facilities in France.

   For my part, I brought my survival and army experience, plus
   the "dumb questions" that anyone outside the medical field
   would ask. And I made sure the language and concepts in our
   course would be so simple anyone could understand.

   I've also proofread everything to clear it of jargon... And
   personally checked every illustration, image, and diagram to
   guarantee that even a child could follow it.

   It took two solid months of interviews for us to complete the
   basics of the course.
   Interview

   After that, we also tested it. By asking regular people (with
   NO medical background) to try out the lifesaving skills held
   inside.

   That way, we could see what someone who lacked our "inside
   knowledge" would do. And improve accordingly.

   We even posted some of the toughest parts online to gather
   feedback and ensure even the meanest internet troll gave it a
   thumbs up.

   Which they did...

   And the final results of our collaboration turned out better
   than either of us could have imagined... despite the fact that
   our expectations were high, to begin with!

   We believe our course is the MOST COMPREHENSIVE guide to
   survival medicine that the world has ever seen.

We named it Survival MD: What to Do When There's No Doctor.

   SurvivalMDCover

   And here's what some of my good friends and daily readers from
   Survivopedia.com had to say about it:

   "This book is a must-read for disaster preparedness. It is
   clearly written, easy to understand, and extremely informative.
   I highly recommend Survival MD!" - Zabian Crosby

   "I think that everyone in the US should have this manual. Could
   save your life!" - Mike Kirsch

   "Lots of good info in there. Not something you can find at
   Barnes N Nobles". Tonya Sei

   "I am not a doctor. But I do try to manage my own health, in
   view of how big pharma controls a lot of what doctors do and
   prescribe. I need to learn what I can, and now try to do
   without doctors as much as I can. So survival MD is huge help
   in my view. Thank you" - Ronald Carrier

And here are just a few examples of what you'll find inside Survival
MD:

   check mark

   Why doctors and medicine don't actually fix anyone... THE TRUTH
   about recovering from illness and injury and what you must do
   to save yourself.
   check mark

   The 3 common herbs that can be used to treat a fever.
   check mark

   How to recognize the 3 different types of skin wounds, and how
   to treat each of them (If you get this wrong, a minor injury
   could be FATAL).
   check mark

   The single most valuable tool you have against any threat to
   your health. All the medical knowledge, equipment, and training
   in the world would be useless without THIS.
   check mark

   How to legally stockpile months' worth of antibiotics,
   painkillers, and meds. Without refrigeration. Including dosage
   facts and more. That way, you won't run out or accidentally
   hurt someone you love.
   check mark

   A simple trick that could also save you $1,000 a year… On
   average. Once you know how... (HINT: some meds last for FAR
   LONGER than you'd think - the reason 90% of drugs now used by
   the US military are expired, following a massive
   multimillion-dollar trial)
   check mark

   The top 10, 25, and 50 medical items to own based on your age,
   health, and geography. That way, you'll know exactly where to
   focus. And you won't waste your time on useless items. Plus,
   some surprise additions. Like why even healthy souls need an
   inhaler…
   check mark

   5 lazy ways to dispose of your household waste. Including
   easy-to-do plans for a DIY outhouse, waste burner, compost bin,
   and more…
   check mark

   How to "dry sterilize" objects with a towel… to make them
   "surgery safe." Build a first aid kit, bugout bag, or hygiene
   pack… Or craft essential items, like toilet paper, from
   scratch.
   check mark

   4 subtle signs someone you know is about to break mentally… and
   how to help them recover.
   check mark

   Why licorice whip is used to cure cold sores.
   check mark

   How to handle kidney stones, ulcers, or IBD…
   check mark

   How to respond to a heart attack. Which is STILL the leading
   cause of death in America.
   check mark

   Climate-specific threats and how to beat them. Like frostbite,
   ticks, encephalitis, or mosquitos (which kill 1 million people
   a year).
   check mark

   How to treat hypothermia or heatstroke. Including the body
   temperature at which death is certain…
   check mark

   The secret NASA astronauts use for long-term survival - when
   the nearest hospital is 250 miles away, and why you'll want it,
   even if you're healthy.
   check mark

   How to use a defibrillator or read an E-C-G. A surprisingly
   straightforward skill that can improve your survival odds by
   over 90%.
   check mark

   Why you MUST own a glass syringe. And why disposable versions
   won't cut it. HINT: it's to help prevent muscle spasms,
   including lockjaw, so severe victims have been known to
   suffocate.
   check mark

   PLUS - The 3 items in your kitchen cabinet that will protect
   your teeth from a deadly infection... and 5 more easy home
   remedies you should own today
   check mark

   And a HUGE amount more. Since that's hardly scratching the
   surface of what's inside 'Survival MD.'

   Now…

I made a promise to you earlier, and I'm going to keep that promise
right away.

   I mentioned that there were things you could do starting TODAY
   to get ready.

   The first is understanding the TeCaMoLo principle. Every time
   you go to the doctor with an injury, they ask certain questions
   in order to understand the circumstances under which you got
   hurt.

   First, they want to know when the injury took place. That's the
   time factor: TEmporal.

   Then they want to know about the injury's CAuse.

   Next, they establish how it occurred. They call that MOdal.

   And finally, they ask about where it happened: LOcation.

   When you use the information in Survival MD to help yourself or
   your family, you're going to want to know everything on that
   list. So remember to always use TeCaMoLo.

I also mentioned that there are 3 common herbs you can use to treat a
fever.

   First, take one teaspoon each of yarrow, peppermint, and
   elderberry flowers. Make a tea by steeping them together for 10
   minutes in 2 cups of water. Then strain it and drink the tea.
   This will make you sweat, and that will break the fever.
   Tea

   I also talked about peripheral vascular disease. If someone has
   it, there's a specific part of the body that needs special
   attention: their feet. Those should be kept warm and inspected
   daily for open sores. If you see any, cover them with gauze and
   tape to prevent infection.
   Feet

   And those are just a few of the hundreds of conditions you'll
   learn how to treat on a first aid, emergency basis.

   (Of course, you still need to do all you can to get them to a
   doctor right away if one's available… But if you do those
   things, you've given them a better chance of survival than they
   would otherwise have.)

What are some of the other illnesses and injuries covered by Survival
MD?

   Well... would you know what to do if someone's been stabbed?
   There are two procedures you absolutely must follow right away
   to give them the best chance at a good outcome.

   What about if they've been shot? Bullet wounds are often fatal,
   but if you act fast, you may be able to save a life.

   How about burn injuries? Do you know how to tell the difference
   between first, second, third, and fourth-degree burns? The
   treatments are different, so it's important to get this right.

   If you were faced with any of those situations today... you'd
   probably have no idea what to do.

   But tomorrow's another story. There's still time to prepare for
   hundreds of scenarios... any one of which could befall you and
   your family at any time.

   Most of the greatest Americans who've ever lived could barely
   dream of the marvels of modern medicine. They couldn't imagine
   how easy it is for the average person to access it.

   We're luckier than the Founding Fathers and the brave Pioneers
   because we have something they didn't have:

   Knowledge.
   Knowledge

   We have access to much more accurate information about medicine
   and health based on decades of advanced research and
   sophisticated scientific studies.

   So once you're reading the book, you will IMMEDIATELY gain
   something our forefathers didn't have that will help safeguard
   your family every day of your life…

You'll be better equipped to handle emergencies than almost every
American alive today who's not a nurse or a doctor or an EMT.

   Since its release, 'Survival MD' has exploded in popularity.
   With thousands of reviews like this pouring in:

   "Survival MD is GREAT. 5 Stars all the way. Thank you so much.
   I love how it is organized so the average JOE BLOW can be ready
   to take care of self and family if needed."

   "I am a Board-Certified Neurologist with 34 years of
   experience. I found the manual to be instructive,
   well-organized, and well-thought-out for laypeople as well as
   health professionals. I would recommend it to anyone".

   "This book is a must-read for disaster preparedness. It is
   clearly written, easy to understand, and extremely informative.
   I highly recommend Survival MD!".

But even then, we STILL wanted to do better...

   So, we also decided to bundle 'Survival MD' together with
   several more amazing bonuses. To cover (the admittedly tiny)
   gaps in knowledge this epic book left behind.

   And give them to you 100% free.

   BONUS #1: 42 First Aid Secrets Hiding in Your Home
   bonus1

   Picture this… Someone you know is sick or injured. It could be
   fatal, and 911 isn't answering… The clock is ticking… You've no
   equipment…

   What do you do?

   Fortunately, rescue is in easy reach… Buried right under your
   nose in the form of everyday objects that also double as
   lifesaving meds.

   And this amazing report will tell you exactly how to "dig those
   up"...

   Plus, you'll also learn…
   check mark

   How to seal & disinfect a wound with glue, sugar, clove,
   mouthwash, or honey. Whatever's closest…
   check mark

   Heal a burn with toothpaste…
   check mark

   Sanitize a cut with kitty litter or…
   check mark

   How to quickly turn your clothes into a gas mask…
   check mark

   Remove a bee sting with a credit card...
   check mark

   Run an oatmeal bath to calm an allergic reaction...
   check mark

   The sterile, portable WW1 bandage hidden inside a mother's
   purse...
   check mark

   Plus, 6 amazing ways to save a life with duct tape. Such as how
   to make a stretcher, splint, or even plug a gunshot wound… And
   more…

   Next, there's...

   BONUS #2: The Vascular Failure Protocol
   bonus2

   Because 157 million Americans ALREADY HAVE cardiovascular
   disease. That's nearly half of us.

   Causing 660,000 deaths in 2020 alone.

   While giving 83 million of us a 1 in 7 chance of a heart attack
   THIS YEAR.

   A disease that's also at the root of other cruel killers, like
   high cholesterol, Type 2 diabetes, hypertension, obesity, and
   more.

   The long-term consequences of which include...
   check mark

   Dementia
   check mark

   Blindness
   check mark

   Kidney failure
   check mark

   Paralysis
   check mark

   Chronic pain
   check mark

   A weak immune system - leading to constant illness
   check mark

   Osteoporosis
   check mark

   And worse...

   That's why Dr. Radu also created the Vascular Failure Protocol.

   A heroic 365-page book that covers how to manage these
   conditions, so you can live a healthy life.

   Including a long list of high-effective modern practices, as
   well as 100 powerful herbal remedies you can prepare as
   infusions, herbal tinctures, decoctions, and more...

   The best food to eat, including nutritional advice (great for a
   stockpile), easy-reference tables so you can quickly see if
   your food has anti-inflammatory benefits, if it's high in
   antioxidants, or simply bad for you, AND stacks of delicious
   recipes, easy to throw together in a pinch.

   All to keep you safe, fit, and healthy.

   And finally, there's...

   BONUS #3: How to Live Without Prescription Meds
   bonus3

   Because over 131 million Americans depend on at least one
   prescription med to get by. Most of which come with unbearable
   side effects. Like...
   check mark

   Pain
   check mark

   Fever
   check mark

   Bleeding
   check mark

   Bowel troubles - or both at once.
   check mark

   Sweating and trembling
   check mark

   Inflammation
   check mark

   Fatigue
   check mark

   Anxiety issues
   check mark

   Insomnia
   check mark

   Memory loss
   check mark

   And worse...

   But studies also show that "non-adherence" - or NOT taking your
   pills, causes 125,000 deaths a year. Putting us between a rock
   and a hard place.
   Pills

   Not to mention what could happen in a crisis if such meds were
   unavailable.

   So, what can you do?

   Simple. Break the chain!

   Or at least give it some well-deserved slack. Which is where
   this easy-to-follow guide can help you by revealing...
   check mark

   The best natural alternatives to chronic meds when S-H-T-F.
   Including common pills like aspirin, as well as statins, blood
   thinners, painkillers, anti-inflammatories, and more.
   check mark

   How to stockpile 6-months of meds - dirt cheap!
   check mark

   16 critical items to store in your first aid kit -- in case you
   can't reach your meds in time.
   check mark

   The shameful reason 1-in-5 patients are readmitted to hospital
   just 30 days after a prescription…
   check mark

   8 lifesaving remedies for those with high blood pressure.
   check mark

   Which common herb Native Americans used to stop a fatal asthma
   attack…
   check mark

   Plus 10 prescription meds you MUST stockpile (Survival MD
   devotes a full 19 pages to listing and explaining every single
   one).

   All of which is only available for a short limit of time on
   this website. Since, frankly, we're not sure we can afford to
   give them away for long…

   Especially as each bonus is normally sold for $49.

   And with tens of thousands of orders pouring in, you can see
   how this quickly adds up.

   And today,

I'm willing to give them to you completely free of charge if you get
the "Survival MD" course right now.

   But before I tell you how you can do that… let me ask you this:

   How much is it worth to you to literally never feel all the
   nerve-racking stress and uncertainty every time your little one
   develops a fever or a tummy ache ever again. And knowing that
   whatever might be heading our way, you and your family will
   always have "on demand" survival doctor knowledge at your
   disposal, without ever worrying that the "system" will cave in.

   Survival MD is, quite simply, an elite training by an
   unparalleled authority on survival medicine. There is no one in
   the world more qualified to advise you than Dr. Scurtu. And
   even if you're completely new to every concept in the book...
   it's written so everyone can understand. That way, you'll
   absorb the information easily as you read without having to
   look anything up.

   You'll get instant access to all the resources and knowledge
   not only to keep your family safe and healthy for the rest of
   your life but go through the worst medical crisis our country
   has ever seen...

You'll have the power to shield your family and loved ones.

   And you'l
   Family

   l have the power to handle yourself in ANY TYPE of disaster...
   and even to rebuild your community during the worst of

   times. Because this powerful book can give you all the medical
   advice (you need) to help keep everyone healthy and safe no
   matter how bad it's going to be.

   So how much is having this lifesaving knowledge at your
   fingertips is worth to you?

   Just think about the amount of money you spend right now on
   everyday things...

   Or the price of a meal at a not-too-fancy restaurant.

   Or the $11,700 on average it'd cost you to stay overnight in a
   hospital…

   Heck, even an ambulance trip would cost you $400…
   Ambulance

   While a doctor's appointment could set you back $200.

   When instead, you could be part of a select few who make a REAL
   difference. By saving lives and helping others in a crisis
   after just a few minutes of pleasurable reading… Instead of
   praying for help that never comes… Or mourning at a funeral.

   Whenever I showed "Survival MD" to my friends and readers, I
   asked them how much they'd pay to have this amazing knowledge
   in their own homes, and all of them said they'd pay over
   $1000...

   But folks like you and I have never asked for anything we
   didn't earn. And we certainly don't want a handout. That's why,
   although I can't just give this book away, it's not going to
   cost you $1000, even though I know it's worth at least that.

   It won't cost you $500 either…

Dr. Scurtu and I want to save lives. And that's why Survival MD has
to be affordable.

   And you have to be prepared for more than one possible future.
   Because there's no way to know what's going to happen.

   You could end up needing this information tomorrow. If that's
   the case, you'll wish you'd gotten a digital copy you could
   read right away.

   But the problem with only having an instant digital copy is… in
   an emergency, there's no guarantee you'll have access to
   electricity. So if your phone runs out of battery... you'll
   regret not having a hard copy.

   And that's why we decided to offer both a digital version AND a
   paperback edition.

   So, If you're in a rush and want immediate access to the
   lifesaving information in Survival MD, we offer a "digital
   only" version for just $37.

   And If you want a printed copy and don't mind waiting for a few
   days... we can ship it to you for the same amount plus shipping
   and handling.

   But I understand that most people will want both options: an
   "instant copy" along with a hard copy. So, if you buy a hard
   copy now, we'll just GIVE you the digital version for free!

   But the only way to secure your spot in the program at that
   price is to click the Order button now!
   SurvivalMDCover
   [1]Add to cart for just $37.00!
   [2]Add to cart for just $37.00!
   [3]Add to cart for just $37.00!

   I can't guarantee that I can keep this price available for
   long, especially since we're giving the digital version away
   for free, along with the three amazing bonuses, plus unlimited
   email support…

   So don't get mad if you come here in a few days and see that
   the price has gone back up.

And really… the price doesn't even matter.

   60days

   That's because you're covered by Henry Morris' "No Questions
   Asked Money Back Guarantee" for two whole months.

   Here's what this is all about:

   The future may be dangerous and full of risks, but I want you
   to have ZERO risks when you pick up a copy of Survival MD.

   So, with that said, when you get your copy of Survival MD
   today, you'll also receive TWO FULL MONTHS to test drive the
   manual before you decide to keep it or not.

   That means, if at any point during the next 60 days you're not
   completely 100% thrilled, simply send me an email, and I'll
   give you back every cent.

   And, If you bought a digital download, you don't even need to
   return it. Just keep it as our thank you for trying it out, and
   you'll still receive a complete refund.

   No ifs, no buts.

   It's that easy!

   That's my guarantee!

This could be one of the most important decisions you ever make.

   Because, with the secrets in this book, you'll SAVE hundreds,
   if not thousands, of dollars.

   After all, I've already hinted at how you can save $1000, on
   average, on your meds alone… Simply by using tricks recently
   adopted by the US military.

   Plus, hundreds of dollars on equipment. Vs. buying a ready-made
   first aid kit or survival pack.

   AND the gigantic pile of cash you'll save by using homemade
   remedies vs. over-the-counter drugs. Like those, you'd use to
   defeat a flu or cold.
   Money

   ESPECIALLY once you compare it to the tens of thousands of
   dollars, you'd spend on an "expert" survival course. Which
   would also give you a lot less than you'll find in Survival MD…

   Since they're not created by a doctor who endured a medical
   collapse firsthand… Nor have they undertaken our detailed level
   of testing on "regular folk" to ensure you get everything you
   need…

   Neither do they come with our ironclad 60-day money-back
   guarantee.

   Finally, even if a medical crisis doesn't happen - and I pray
   it doesn't - these skills are still priceless.

   Just picture this...

   The next time a friend, spouse, or crying child needs your
   help... From a cut, sprain, or bump on the head. Or even
   something life-threatening like choking or a burn…
   Heimlich

   You'll be able to actually help them instead of gawping at them
   like a halfwit… Like so many others would.

   It's the same reason 9 out of 10 Americans own a smoke alarm.
   Or buy insurance of any kind. Even though most of us will never
   use it.

   Because even if you never read this remarkable book, it will
   always be there for you. On your bookshelf. Just in case.

In short, you've nothing to lose.

   So, don't delay.

   Simply click the button below to access your copy of 'Survival
   MD.' And all the great bonuses.
   SurvivalMDCover
   [4]Add to cart for just $37.00!
   [5]Add to cart for just $37.00!
   [6]Add to cart for just $37.00!

   You'll then be taken to your order form, that's been encrypted
   with military-level software and three kinds of antivirus to
   keep your details safe.

   After which, if you select a physical copy, we'll immediately
   courier it straight to you.

   But even BEFORE you receive it, you'll also be able to access a
   digital version of your book. To check out right away and
   immediately have on hand, in case anything happens...

   Plus, in the highly, EXTREMELY unlikely event something goes
   wrong, all you need to do is send us an email at
   [7][email protected], and we'll help you out ASAP.

   It's that easy.

And the way I see it, right now, you have 3 options...

   Option #1, do nothing...
   Option1

   Which is a BIG mistake...

   Since you've already seen why our health system is deep in the
   red. And how it won't take much to topple it...

   With lethal results for you, me, and everyone else.

   Whether it's a new outbreak of disease, a natural disaster, or
   an economic crisis that puts your life at risk.

   Plus, you've seen how exposed our fragile global supply chain
   is to disruption…

   A threat the Pentagon has repeatedly flagged as a major
   national security hazard with zero results.

   All of which makes burying your head in the sand a losing
   strategy.

   Or you can go for...

   Option #2, and TRY to do it yourself...
   Option2

   Which won't work either.

   Since, to match Dr. Scurtu, you'd first need an expensive
   medical degree. Then to know exactly what to prioritize from
   firsthand experience in the field. And I've already shown you
   how most first aid books, "gear junkies," and so-called
   "expert" survival courses get it wrong...

   By failing to prioritize, keep it simple, or look beyond the
   short term.

   But let's say you SOMEHOW pull it off…

   After months (or years) of slogging across country to attend
   hard-to-reach survival classes, trawling through hundreds of
   medical books, and countless sleepless nights scouring sources
   online…

   Which, frankly, you may not be able to trust…. Making any
   knowledge, you do gain a huge gamble…

   Would it really be worth it? I mean, couldn't your time be
   better spent?

   For instance, with the loved ones you WANT to protect by
   gaining such knowledge in the first place.

   Or you can take a simple, straightforward, reliable shortcut by
   going for...

   Option #3 - to take advantage of our generous offer today…
   Option3

   And join tens of thousands of like-minded people who've already
   taken the first step — to protect themselves, friends, and
   family against a medical collapse - without regret.

   Because all it takes is one bad day...

   That's why Dr. Scurtu released this book. To help people like
   you.

   But we can't do it alone.

   That's why today you can take part in something great: by
   skyrocketing your self-reliance… and helping yourself, loved
   ones, and even total strangers with this knowledge.

Everything you need is in 'Survival MD.'

   And all you need to do is click the button below before this
   offer disappears and you lose your chance forever at a HUGE
   saving.
   SurvivalMDCover
   [8]Add to cart for just $37.00!
   [9]Add to cart for just $37.00!
   [10]Add to cart for just $37.00!

   Since as I said, we're not sure for how long we can keep this
   generous offer online.

   That means it's first come, first serve. And at the rate things
   are going, it won't be long before stock runs out.

   Plus, you never know when this controversial video might be
   taken offline.

   So don't delay.

Say YES to protecting yourself and your loved ones when 911,
hospitals, and doctors aren't available.

   Say YES to thriving through a medical collapse and rising to
   the top, even as others panic and struggle.

   Say YES to doing the right thing. Instead of depending on
   others for your basic well-being. And to protect those you love
   from harm.

   And remember, this book, plus all the great bonuses you'll
   receive, are not available anywhere else.

Ultimately, this is about your family… its health, comfort, and its
safety.

   So, wouldn't you trade a 30-minute read and a risk-free deal
   for the chance to live a worry-free life?

   It's your decision, but I think you already know what needs to
   be done.

   Remember, you're getting all of Dr. Scurtu's hard-learned
   lessons in a beginner-friendly "Survival MD" package, plus the
   three special reports, along with unlimited access via email
   for LIFE.

   All this without risking a dime.

   So, go ahead and click the "Buy Now" button below.
   SurvivalMDCover
   [11]Add to cart for just $37.00!
   [12]Add to cart for just $37.00!
   [13]Add to cart for just $37.00!

   I'll be waiting for you with a special message in the "member's
   area" and with another bonus that's too hot to mention here.

FAQ

   Let me answer a few common questions about Survival MD.

(BUTTON)

1. "If Survival MD is so good, why aren't more people using it?" "

   There are plenty of reasons for that. First… Misinformation and
   ignorance.

   Not everyone is like you and me. For example, it's common
   knowledge that many members of the youngest generations expect
   to have everything handed to them.

   They feel entitled because modern society has taught them to be
   helpless and dependent. And when the world comes crashing down
   around them and no one is propping them up anymore, many of
   them will not survive.

   And I hate to say this... but there are some ways in which a
   lot of the so-called preppers are just like them.

   Second, it's the fear factor. Most people think this is too
   complex to follow. They are partly right because most books and
   survival journals overcomplicate it. The fact is, survival
   medical knowledge is easy to understand when you have the
   proper manual.

(BUTTON)

2."How hard will this be to follow?"

   Survival MD is a straightforward, simple, and easy read with a
   thorough table of contents, so you can jump straight to what
   you need.

   As I said, most patriots who stay ready for SHTF events have no
   idea what to do in the event of a medical emergency if there
   were no way to see a doctor right away.

   They don't know how to perform a body check as a precursor to
   figuring out what's wrong... despite the fact that it's very
   easy to do once you know how.

   They don't know how to apply a cast to a fractured limb or how
   to evaluate someone's condition using the Glasgow Coma Score.

   They don't know what a "wooden belly" is... or how to identify
   it... or what to do if someone has it.

   But anyone could pick this information up VERY fast once they
   have Survival MD on their shelf.

(BUTTON)

3."But what about the savings?"

   We created Survival MD mainly with medical self-sufficiency and
   survival in mind, and as far as we know, it's the most
   comprehensive training program of its kind.

   But the beauty of it is you also start saving money the second
   you start applying the knowledge, tips, and tricks you find
   inside. It all depends on what you decide to do, but you're
   looking at $1000 a year or more in savings on over-the-counter
   drugs alone.

(BUTTON)

"But what about the savings?"

   We created Pocket Farm mainly with self-sufficiency, healthy
   meals, and survival in mind, and as far as we know, it's the
   first training program of its kind. But the beauty of it is,
   you start saving money the second you harvest your first crop.
   It all depends on what you decide to grow, but you could save
   thousands of dollars every year.

(BUTTON)

4."I don't have a lot of medical knowledge. Will this work for me?"

   Not only will it work for you... but it's probably the best
   kind of "medical survival manual" you could hope for. That's
   because you can make use of it starting today, providing a
   health safety net for you and your family.

(BUTTON)

5."Can I use it for my entire family?"

   We don't suggest that you rely on it alone if professional
   healthcare is available.

   That being said, the Survival MD manual can definitely provide
   you with all the knowledge needed to protect and safeguard your
   family's health and well-being if, God forbid, you find
   yourself in a difficult spot, and first responders are nowhere
   in sight.

(BUTTON)

6."Is this really risk-free?"

   Yes! As I said, you're covered by my 60-day "no questions
   asked" money-back guarantee.

   If for any reason, you want to return the program, you have 60
   full days to do so. Even more, you can keep the digital copy as
   a thank-you for trying out Survival MD.

   No hassles, no gimmicks, no hard feelings.

   That's why it's crucial that if you decide to try Survival MD,
   you do it fast.

So secure your copy now.

   Click the "Order Now" button below, and let Survival MD give
   you the peace of mind you deserve.
   SurvivalMDCover
   [14]Add to cart for just $37.00!
   [15]Add to cart for just $37.00!
   [16]Add to cart for just $37.00!

   Thank you for reading this presentation. I'm Henry Morris.

   [17]Disclaimer [18]Privacy [19]Terms and Conditions [20]Returns
   and Refunds Policy [21]Do Not Sell My Info [22]Contact

   Copyright © Survivalmd.org

   ClickBank is the retailer of products on this site. CLICKBANK®
   is a registered trademark of Click Sales Inc., a Delaware
   corporation located at 1444 S. Entertainment Ave., Suite 410
   Boise, ID 83709, USA and used by permission. ClickBank's role
   as retailer does not constitute an endorsement, approval or
   review of these products or any claim, statement or opinion
   used in promotion of these products.

   The website's content and the product for sale is based upon
   the author's opinion and is provided solely on an "AS IS" and
   "AS AVAILABLE" basis. You should do your own research and
   confirm the information with other sources when searching for
   information regarding health issues and always review the
   information carefully with your professional health care
   provider before using any of the protocols presented on this
   website and/or in the product sold here. Neither ClickBank nor
   the author are engaged in rendering medical or similar
   professional services or advice via this website or in the
   product, and the information provided is not intended to
   replace medical advice offered by a physician or other licensed
   healthcare provider. You should not construe ClickBank's sale
   of this product as an endorsement by ClickBank of the views
   expressed herein, or any warranty or guarantee of any strategy,
   recommendation, treatment, action, or application of advice
   made by the author of the product.

   Testimonials, case studies, and examples found on this page are
   results that have been forwarded to us by users of "SurvivalMD"
   products and related products are not intended to represent or
   guarantee that anyone will achieve the same or similar results.

References

   1. https://survmd1.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=44&cbfid=58601&tkn=dHJraWQufHNwbGl0Lnx0di58dC58Y3AufGNwdC58Y3AxLnxjcDIufGNwMy58Y3A0LnxjcDUufHByYy58Y3QufGN0MS58Y3QyLnx0ZzEufHRnMi58dGczLnx0ZzQufHRnNS58bGlkLnxtLnxoYXNoLmJkNWE4OTZiMWY4N2M1OGUzMjYxNjM2NjhiOWUyOWY&REF=&vtid=defaultcontrold_tsl
   2. https://survmd1.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=45&cbfid=58601&tkn=dHJraWQufHNwbGl0Lnx0di58dC58Y3AufGNwdC58Y3AxLnxjcDIufGNwMy58Y3A0LnxjcDUufHByYy58Y3QufGN0MS58Y3QyLnx0ZzEufHRnMi58dGczLnx0ZzQufHRnNS58bGlkLnxtLnxoYXNoLmJkNWE4OTZiMWY4N2M1OGUzMjYxNjM2NjhiOWUyOWY&REF=&vtid=defaultcontrolpd_tsl
   3. https://survmd1.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=45&cbfid=58601&tkn=dHJraWQufHNwbGl0Lnx0di58dC58Y3AufGNwdC58Y3AxLnxjcDIufGNwMy58Y3A0LnxjcDUufHByYy58Y3QufGN0MS58Y3QyLnx0ZzEufHRnMi58dGczLnx0ZzQufHRnNS58bGlkLnxtLnxoYXNoLmJkNWE4OTZiMWY4N2M1OGUzMjYxNjM2NjhiOWUyOWY&REF=&vtid=defaultcontrolp_tsl
   4. https://survmd1.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=44&cbfid=58601&tkn=dHJraWQufHNwbGl0Lnx0di58dC58Y3AufGNwdC58Y3AxLnxjcDIufGNwMy58Y3A0LnxjcDUufHByYy58Y3QufGN0MS58Y3QyLnx0ZzEufHRnMi58dGczLnx0ZzQufHRnNS58bGlkLnxtLnxoYXNoLmJkNWE4OTZiMWY4N2M1OGUzMjYxNjM2NjhiOWUyOWY&REF=&vtid=defaultcontrold_tsl
   5. https://survmd1.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=45&cbfid=58601&tkn=dHJraWQufHNwbGl0Lnx0di58dC58Y3AufGNwdC58Y3AxLnxjcDIufGNwMy58Y3A0LnxjcDUufHByYy58Y3QufGN0MS58Y3QyLnx0ZzEufHRnMi58dGczLnx0ZzQufHRnNS58bGlkLnxtLnxoYXNoLmJkNWE4OTZiMWY4N2M1OGUzMjYxNjM2NjhiOWUyOWY&REF=&vtid=defaultcontrolpd_tsl
   6. https://survmd1.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=45&cbfid=58601&tkn=dHJraWQufHNwbGl0Lnx0di58dC58Y3AufGNwdC58Y3AxLnxjcDIufGNwMy58Y3A0LnxjcDUufHByYy58Y3QufGN0MS58Y3QyLnx0ZzEufHRnMi58dGczLnx0ZzQufHRnNS58bGlkLnxtLnxoYXNoLmJkNWE4OTZiMWY4N2M1OGUzMjYxNjM2NjhiOWUyOWY&REF=&vtid=defaultcontrolp_tsl
   7. https://www.survivalmd.org/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection
   8. https://survmd1.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=44&cbfid=58601&tkn=dHJraWQufHNwbGl0Lnx0di58dC58Y3AufGNwdC58Y3AxLnxjcDIufGNwMy58Y3A0LnxjcDUufHByYy58Y3QufGN0MS58Y3QyLnx0ZzEufHRnMi58dGczLnx0ZzQufHRnNS58bGlkLnxtLnxoYXNoLmJkNWE4OTZiMWY4N2M1OGUzMjYxNjM2NjhiOWUyOWY&REF=&vtid=defaultcontrold_tsl
   9. https://survmd1.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=45&cbfid=58601&tkn=dHJraWQufHNwbGl0Lnx0di58dC58Y3AufGNwdC58Y3AxLnxjcDIufGNwMy58Y3A0LnxjcDUufHByYy58Y3QufGN0MS58Y3QyLnx0ZzEufHRnMi58dGczLnx0ZzQufHRnNS58bGlkLnxtLnxoYXNoLmJkNWE4OTZiMWY4N2M1OGUzMjYxNjM2NjhiOWUyOWY&REF=&vtid=defaultcontrolpd_tsl
  10. https://survmd1.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=45&cbfid=58601&tkn=dHJraWQufHNwbGl0Lnx0di58dC58Y3AufGNwdC58Y3AxLnxjcDIufGNwMy58Y3A0LnxjcDUufHByYy58Y3QufGN0MS58Y3QyLnx0ZzEufHRnMi58dGczLnx0ZzQufHRnNS58bGlkLnxtLnxoYXNoLmJkNWE4OTZiMWY4N2M1OGUzMjYxNjM2NjhiOWUyOWY&REF=&vtid=defaultcontrolp_tsl
  11. https://survmd1.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=44&cbfid=58601&tkn=dHJraWQufHNwbGl0Lnx0di58dC58Y3AufGNwdC58Y3AxLnxjcDIufGNwMy58Y3A0LnxjcDUufHByYy58Y3QufGN0MS58Y3QyLnx0ZzEufHRnMi58dGczLnx0ZzQufHRnNS58bGlkLnxtLnxoYXNoLmJkNWE4OTZiMWY4N2M1OGUzMjYxNjM2NjhiOWUyOWY&REF=&vtid=defaultcontrold_tsl
  12. https://survmd1.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=45&cbfid=58601&tkn=dHJraWQufHNwbGl0Lnx0di58dC58Y3AufGNwdC58Y3AxLnxjcDIufGNwMy58Y3A0LnxjcDUufHByYy58Y3QufGN0MS58Y3QyLnx0ZzEufHRnMi58dGczLnx0ZzQufHRnNS58bGlkLnxtLnxoYXNoLmJkNWE4OTZiMWY4N2M1OGUzMjYxNjM2NjhiOWUyOWY&REF=&vtid=defaultcontrolpd_tsl
  13. https://survmd1.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=45&cbfid=58601&tkn=dHJraWQufHNwbGl0Lnx0di58dC58Y3AufGNwdC58Y3AxLnxjcDIufGNwMy58Y3A0LnxjcDUufHByYy58Y3QufGN0MS58Y3QyLnx0ZzEufHRnMi58dGczLnx0ZzQufHRnNS58bGlkLnxtLnxoYXNoLmJkNWE4OTZiMWY4N2M1OGUzMjYxNjM2NjhiOWUyOWY&REF=&vtid=defaultcontrolp_tsl
  14. https://survmd1.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=44&cbfid=58601&tkn=dHJraWQufHNwbGl0Lnx0di58dC58Y3AufGNwdC58Y3AxLnxjcDIufGNwMy58Y3A0LnxjcDUufHByYy58Y3QufGN0MS58Y3QyLnx0ZzEufHRnMi58dGczLnx0ZzQufHRnNS58bGlkLnxtLnxoYXNoLmJkNWE4OTZiMWY4N2M1OGUzMjYxNjM2NjhiOWUyOWY&REF=&vtid=defaultcontrold_tsl
  15. https://survmd1.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=45&cbfid=58601&tkn=dHJraWQufHNwbGl0Lnx0di58dC58Y3AufGNwdC58Y3AxLnxjcDIufGNwMy58Y3A0LnxjcDUufHByYy58Y3QufGN0MS58Y3QyLnx0ZzEufHRnMi58dGczLnx0ZzQufHRnNS58bGlkLnxtLnxoYXNoLmJkNWE4OTZiMWY4N2M1OGUzMjYxNjM2NjhiOWUyOWY&REF=&vtid=defaultcontrolpd_tsl
  16. https://survmd1.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=45&cbfid=58601&tkn=dHJraWQufHNwbGl0Lnx0di58dC58Y3AufGNwdC58Y3AxLnxjcDIufGNwMy58Y3A0LnxjcDUufHByYy58Y3QufGN0MS58Y3QyLnx0ZzEufHRnMi58dGczLnx0ZzQufHRnNS58bGlkLnxtLnxoYXNoLmJkNWE4OTZiMWY4N2M1OGUzMjYxNjM2NjhiOWUyOWY&REF=&vtid=defaultcontrolp_tsl
  17. https://www.survivalmd.org/statics/disclaimer.php
  18. https://www.survivalmd.org/statics/privacy.php
  19. https://www.survivalmd.org/statics/termsandconditions.php
  20. https://www.survivalmd.org/statics/returnsandrefundspolicy.php
  21. https://www.survivopedia.com/ccpa/
  22. https://www.survivalmd.org/statics/contact.php
