

                         Attention Fellow Patriot

             It’s happening… The writing is on the wall…

      An unthinkable crisis is set to hit THIS YEAR, and inside this
        short presentation I'll explain how 3 catastrophic lies and
             cover-ups in our Government spell certain doom...

                              [obamalie.jpg]

      I know you have seen all the signs for years now, how the U.S.
       dollar has become just as valuable as toilet paper due to the
              unthinkable level of debt our economy is in...

      That debt has now "officially" ballooned to 18 TRILLION and the
        real number including all the "unreported" debt is about 4x
                          that sky-high number...

      You mah have noticed how our Government is using more excessive
        force in the streets, with a shoot first and ask questions
                            later mentality...

      Police forces are being trained with once-reserved military and
       special ops protocol, they are being given high-tech weapons
           and access to more government resources than ever...

          FEMA, which is also responsible for detention camps and
      resource confiscations during a crisis, is buying up EVERYTHING
            they can get their hands on, from housing units to
                        military-grade weaponry...

                    Why is all this going on right now?

      I think you already know the answer to this, our government is
                 preparing for a crisis - A MAJOR CRISIS.

        And in the next few minutes, I will give you 3 bullet-proof
      reasons to believe me when I say this crisis is happening THIS
                                  YEAR...

       I promise, you've never heard of these lies and cover-ups and
        once you discover just how desperate our economy is today,
                you'll want to begin preparing immediately.

         I am putting myself in serious risk just for sharing this
      presentation with you now, so if you leave, don't be surprised
        if the site has been taken down and I've gone off the grid
       because of the highly classified nature of this information.

      This presentation PROOVES WITHOUT DOUBT that America is in for
       a major fight that will put you and your family in the firing
     line, literally… So make sure you watch this presentation while
                          it’s still online…

       Okay, so my name is James Wright and I'm a retired U.S. navy
                       Seal and preparedness expert.

      And although I've fought to protect our great country spanning
                 3 different decades, I'm no fool either.

       And it's with a heavy heart, fellow patriot, that I must come
           forward with the dirty lies and cover-ups inside our
      government, a string of corruption and secrets I've discovered
             through relentless research and detective work...

       These lies spell near-certain doom for our economy, and it's
             all happening much sooner than you may expect...

      In fact, when this crisis strikes our nation (unlike any other
      crisis we've ever seen) the scariest thing of all is there will
                              be NO WARNING!
       Our own government knows this crisis is about to strike, and
      it's using the element of SURPRISE to catch the general public
       off-guard and helpless so they can maintain control over the
                                  masses.

       With the classified information you'll discover right here, I
            promise you will have ample time to devise a sound,
       military-grade defense strategy to protect you and your loved
                                   ones.

       To get started, I want to talk about the most obvious lie of
      the 3 and work my way to the most lethal of all, which I share
      last, that will single-handedly bring America as we know it to
                               its knees...

      The last big lie I reveal is by far the scariest of all, so be
        sure and pay close attention and shut off any distractions
        because this may be the ONLY time you ever get to see this
                           short presentation...

      Alright, so to get started I'd like to show you exactly how the
           numbers you read about in the paper, like our current
        unemployment and inflation rates, are blatant lies and have
        been manipulated by our own Presidents to keep the general
                         public happy and at bay.

       President Obama has self-proclaimed his Presidency a success
      due in large to lowering the unemployment rate and giving jobs
                        back to the middle class...

        And if you read the newspapers or watch T.V. you'll believe
          just that. However, there is a dirty little secret our
       President and government doesn't want you to know about these
                                numbers...

        In the early 90's, and as the unemployment rate was rising
          faster and faster by the year with no end in sight, our
        President made the decision to manipulate the rate at which
                       unemployment was calculated.

       You see, his thinking was that if he couldn't ACTUALLY lower
      the unemployment rate ethically, he would find another way and
          that was to change the way unemployment was calculated.

       Do this, and the numbers would drop dramatically, even if the
                    exact opposite was in fact true...

       Here's what he did to drop the so called "unemployment rates"
      through-the-floor: He simply changed things so that only those
        American families who are CURRENTLY receiving unemployment
                   benefits are counted as "unemployed".
        So if you are out of work, and have been for years, and the
        checks dried up long ago you are technically NOT unemployed
             according to our government’s new methodology.

       Well isn't that something, because the truth is millions upon
      millions of Americans have been out of work and unable to find
      jobs for years, and because of this they simply don't exist in
                           our Governments eyes.

        So when our President say's unemployment is a nice and tidy
        6.7%, fact is the REAL number is actually much closer to an
                            astonishing 40%...
                         [trump-unemployment.jpg]

       An estimated 100+ million working-age Americans are currently
       out of work today, which to give you a frame of reference, is
                   HIGHER than the Great Depression Era!

      But don't think the lies and manipulation of our own government
       end there, OH NO, because they have done the exact same thing
                     to our so called inflation rates.

        A quick search online would have you believe our inflation
         rates are about 2%, which is pretty darn low I might add.

       Yet, the truth is our Presidents recently changed the way in
       which inflation was calculated, to once again manipulate the
      numbers to their advantage and look like a "savior" in the eyes
                          of the general public.

      Now, inflation rates are calculated WITHOUT including food and
            gas - the two largest areas of all in our economy.

       How convenient and mischievous is THAT...? What we've learned
          from this is, if our Presidents can't actually make any
       positive changes to the economy, they will in fact use dirty
            tactics to make it LOOK and appear like they have.

         The real inflation rate today, including gas and food, is
                 actually much closer to a sky-high... 12%

      Which means every purchase you make is automatically taxed 12%
          on top of everything else, without you even knowing it.

       Alright, so now that I've gotten that out of the way and you
        can already begin to see that our government and Presidents
       will go to great lengths to keep the truth hidden from us...

       I want to talk about an even scarier issue, that is happening
          in our world now and could very well WIPE OUT your bank
                      accounts in the coming months.

        Did you know, that because of the world-wide failure of our
       most recent and record-setting "bail outs" multiple Countries
         are implementing a new program during economic crisis...?

        It's called "bail-in" and what that means is instead of the
      government printing even more money from thin-air, that doesn't
         actually exist - they are now confiscating large portions
             direct from your bank account to repay the debt.

       In one European Country, in 2013, to combat economic collapse
       they confiscated 47.5% of money in all accounts holding over
                                100,000…

                             [banksgreece.jpg]

        In other Countries, the banks simply FROZE all accounts or
            restricted withdrawals for weeks and even months…

      Imagine, you wake up tomorrow morning only to discover ALL your
      bank accounts have been frozen, or large sums of money are now
                                 missing!

      You won't read about this in most papers or see it talked about
      in the news, and yet our government is planning to use bail-ins
       to help repay the astonishing level of debt we've piled up in
                            the past 2 decades!

      Truth is, we've added 15+ TRILLION of debt just in the past two
        decades, which is all the money that actually exists in our
                             economy today...

        This wouldn't be so bad, if we didn't OWE large amounts of
      interest on the debt... which we do and the scary thing is, we
       can't even afford to pay the interest rates on all this debt,
                     let alone repay the debt itself.

       What this means is, one day soon you may wake up and without
       warning the government has declared the need for a bail-in to
       keep the economy from crumbling down and the American dollar
                           from being worthless.

      This will be their last-ditch effort to save the economy, since
         their previous efforts of printing money out of thin air
                      (bail-outs) proved disastrous.

      For the sake of you, and your loved ones in the time of crisis
          I urge you to plan for this possibility in advance, and
        diversify your assets accordingly (stick with me a few more
         minutes, and I'll even show you exactly how to do it...)

      Yet, all this leads me to my most frightening discovery of all
       - and the ONE thing that could truly be the end of America as
                               we know it...

      WARNING: If you aren't aware of this catastrophic early warning
       sign, watch every single word of this now because it may come
                   as a complete and utter SHOCK to you.

     Recently, a major shift in our world’s leaders has begun and it
      could spell near-certain doom for the United States economy...

                                Here's why:

      China (the largest Country in the world) who the United States
               is also indebted to the tune of Trillions...

        Has recently begun their dramatic bid to CHANGE THE GLOBAL
        WORLD CURRENCY from the U.S. Dollar to their own money, the
                                   Yuan.

                                [yuan.jpg]

       You see, until recently China has always had to use the U.S.
        dollar for trading with foreign countries, because the U.S.
                  Dollar has been the Global Currency...

      However, they have grown sick of this and feel their economy is
      much stronger right now than the United States, and so the Yuan
                         should be ruler and king.

      The Chinese are also fed up with the United States inability to
         pay off its large and unthinkable debt to them, and they
        realize it will likely never happen so they've begun taking
                     measures to recoup their losses.

       Sadly, the Chinese are correct in their assessment and their
       economy is in much better shape than ours for a few reasons:

        First off, in the past few decades China has been buying up
        more Gold to back their currency (the Yuan) than any other
       country in the World and is now the second largest holder of
                  gold and fast-approaching the #1 spot.

      This is very important, because until 20 years ago most of the
      U.S. currency in circulation was backed by gold, yet because of
        the recent balloon in debt we now have about 2% of gold-to
                           paper currency ratio.

      While China is moving closer and closer to breaking even by the
                                   day!

        Other Countries can see this happening too, and they are no
       fool. The Chinese are not only the LARGEST population country
        in the world, but they are also booming in a time where all
                   other economies are on life-support.

      Which leads me to the second reason China is on the verge of a
      World takeover, and it's once again tied to their bid for a new
                              World Currency.

                     The Launch of the "Global Bank".

      Have you been watching television recently? If so, you may have
        heard how the Chinese have created a new World Bank and are
      planning to use this as a launch pad for promoting the Yuan and
                         making it king and ruler.

         The scary part is, over 27 countries have now joined the
         Chinese in their Global Bank, which uses the Yuan for all
                             foreign trading.

                          What does this mean...?

       In a very short amount of time, countries may no longer NEED
       the U.S. dollar to trade with, and as a result it will become
           worthless as toilet paper due to its ballooning debt.

          It will only be valuable in the U.S. and because of our
         incredible level of debt and money-printing, it will fall
      dramatically through-the-floor to its REAL value which is about
                            $.01 on the dollar.

      Just imagine, a few months from now when all this goes down and
       everything you own, all your paper money and investments, is
                    chopped down to 1/100th overnight.

      Remember, it is to our government’s advantage that YOU don't
              see this coming, so that once it strikes in the
      dead-of-the-night you will become penniless and at the mercy of
                     our military-controlled streets.

        I don't know about you, but all this is very frightening to
       think about and with all you've recently learned it's pretty
              difficult to see any other possible outcome...

        Oh, and did I mention that China is the ONLY country with a
      larger military than the United States, at nearly DOUBLE ours,
          so if we did decide to fight it could be catastrophic!

                            [chinamilitary.jpg]

      Now, all this is really a lot to take in and if you are feeling
       uneasy or even a bit frightened at the thought of what is to
                     come, I don't blame you one bit.

       Truth is, I have seen first-hand what crisis looks like, I've
       fought in Afghanistan and seen what chaos and violence feels
        like, with people being murdered right in the streets, and
               government brutalizing the helpless citizens.

      And if my predictions are true, based on all this overwhelming
      evidence, that is exactly what the streets of America will look
                   like should the U.S. Dollar collapse.

        Today, I have created a special and comprehensive training
      program based on my 30+ years of military experience and sound
         understanding of economics called the "Takeover Survival
                                 Plan"...

         Teaching everyday Americans, like you, how to survive and
      PROTECT themselves and their loved ones should a crisis strike
                              without notice.

        The Takeover Survival Plan is the first ever, all-inclusive
          resource you'll ever find on the internet teaching you
       everything from the top financial moves you can make today to
      self-defense secrets that could save your life in the midst of
       chaos, to stockpiling food and going off-the-grid in case of
                         emergency and much more.

      And to date, it’s already found the hands of 51,781 patriots
           like yourself with nothing but top-notch feedback…

               Just listen to what a few of them had to say:


   “I have known a financial collapse has been on our horizon for
   decades, and sure enough that day is right around the corner.
   As a die-hard survivalist and former U.S. soldier, I own every
   survival program out there and I must say. No other program
   gives you this level of financial guidance and survival
   preparedness. Most of the other programs only focus on things
   like food or survival tactics, while THIS program not only
   covers these in great detail, it also lets you in on the single
   most important thing of all, in my mind: YOUR MONEY and how to
   prepare yourself for the collapse of the U.S. dollar in coming
   months.
   Without these financial secrets, you won’t last more than a
   couple weeks at best when Martial Law is executed on the
   streets and detention camps are set up in your city.
   I have already begun doing 7 of the things I learned just in
   the financial guide alone, and they will be the difference
   between life and death in a crisis. In my eyes, you’d be a fool
   to ignore the powerful secrets inside this huge survival
   program…”

                                Jason Dewalt. Louisville, Kentucky


   “I am no real survivalist, and I never really thought much
   about preparedness in the past. That is, until the 2008
   financial crisis nearly sent me into bankruptcy and my entire
   life turned upside-down.
   Since then, I have been truly fearful of our economy and an
   ever looming crisis to come. I did a lot of self-research
   online and found some great tips, tricks and survival advice.
   Yet, it wasn’t until I discovered the “Takeover Survival Plan”
   that my survival skills and knowledge reached a new level
   entirely. As an accountant, I thought I was pretty well
   protected, with diversified assets and what not.
   Truth is, I wasn’t doing ANY of the special op money protection
   strategies in the program. Which means, if I hadn’t found this
   program I would have been broke and penniless when crisis hits.
   And certainly in no position to protect my family and loved
   ones.
   Plus, even though I’ve only been in one fight my entire life –
   the defense fighting tactics gave me a new level of confidence
   about my chances on the streets. I was able to master many of
   them in a matter of hours, and these are truly invaluable to
   me, maybe even as important as the financial secrets…”

                                    Fred Carlston. Cleveland, Ohio

      Now, I’ve received countless hand-written letters from members
                        just like Fred and Jason…

      Telling me how eye-opening and revealing this program was, and
          why they believe it's the absolute best there is on the
                                 market...
      And this is EXACTLY how I planned it, because my Seal training
      taught me many, many years ago to always strive to be the very
                                  best…

       So when you invest in the Takeover Survival Plan rest assured
      it is the very best your money can buy – and better still…

      I’ve priced it DIRT CHEAP (which I will explain all about in
       just a moment, along with why my close military friends think
               I've gone "completely mad" for doing this...)

      You see, I didn't create this complete survival program to make
       a lot of money or "get rich" like most of the other schemers
             out there. Fact is, I have a well-diversified and
       earthquake-proof like protection in my assets should a crisis
             strike, so this wasn't about money for me at all.

         In reality, I only wanted to raise the awareness of these
        government cover-ups and desperate lies so other Americans
       could safely prepare for the inevitable financial doomsday on
                              our horizon…

       The more men and women like you who are prepared, the better
      chances we have against a power-hungry government in a crisis -
       Yes, strength is in numbers so it’s for my benefit that you
      have these secrets to protect yourself and all your loved ones,
             and that you share them with everyone you know…

     Now, I’m going to explain why my close friends and family think
      I've gone "completely mad" with the offer I'm about to make you
                            in just a moment...

         Over the next few minutes, I'm going to walk you through,
        step-by-step, the entire survival training program I've put
      together for you and all of the benefits is has to offer you...

        I've broken the Takeover Survival Plan into 5 separate and
       equally important training modules covering the most critical
        survival skills and knowledge you’ll want in the days and
                             months to come…

      [cover-financialforecast-s.jpg] Training Module #1 - Financial
                Forecasts and Preparedness (Valued at $99)

          In order to survive a crisis, it's imperative you have
                           financial resources.

        However, don't think for one second that your money in the
        bank, or secret stash of U.S. currency will save you in the
                           economic collapse...

          In fact, you may very well be penniless like most other
      American families when the dollar crumbles, unless you know how
         to invest the money you already have with little to ZERO
                                  risk...

      Now, I'm not some financial "guru" trying to get you to buy the
        next hot stock or whatever bullshit they are pushing these
                                  days...

       Instead, I am merely going to show you the investments I have
       made personally in the past 5 years and why I chose to do so.
      That way, YOU can decide what the right fit is for you and your
                                  family.

       Inside Financial Forecasts And Preparedness, you'll discover:

       The single-most important investment I have found that you'll
        want to seriously consider too (and NO, it’s not precious
         metals like gold or silver - although these are also wise
                                choices…)

          I stumbled onto this bullet-proof investment idea after
         studying what all the rich folks "in the know" were doing
            secretly. And trust me, it's even better than GOLD.

      I'll show you one amazing "loophole" about your savings account
      that may have you emptying it overnight (countless letters have
      poured in from Patriot members about this single, little-known
       loophole and how it has saved them from financial turmoil...)

       You'll also get a checklist of my Top 9 must-know investment
        tips for total protection in the time of crisis (any one of
      these 9 tips could spark the financial breakthrough you need to
           protect your loved ones and live like a KING during a
                                crisis...)
       Oh, and as if all that isn't enough already I'm even going to
       show you my own personal investments from a-z and why I chose
                               each of them.

       With a degree in finance, and the uncanny ability of digging
      through endless amounts of research I can honestly say this is
       some of the best financial advice you'll see for under $1,000
                                 today...

       Yet, it's included at no additional cost inside the Takeover
                             Survival Plan...

        And remember, without financial resources you'll be at the
         mercy of a power-hungry government and unable to protect
       yourself, let alone your family. This is so valuable I should
        sell it all on its own for 10x its current price, but I've
                             decided not to...

      [cover-sealsecretsforsurvivalanddefense-s.jpg] Training Module
        #2 - Seal Secrets For Survival And Defense (Valued At $49)

      If you’d like an instant Navy Seal advantage in any fight or
               life-or-death situation you may encounter…

      Even if you have never been in a fight in your entire life, it
      doesn't matter if you are a man, woman or child, big or small,
      young or old - you'll be able to learn any of these special op
               secrets quickly and for ultimate protection.

      I learned them all in the Seals and they’ve saved my own life
                      more times than I can count…

      And today, I want you to know them too so you'll never be at a
            disadvantage in a surprise or unexpected attack…

       Inside Seal Secrets For Survival And Defense, I'll show you:

        6 little-known joint tricks that cripple even your largest
      attacker. (It doesn't matter how big or scary the attacker is,
          these simple strikes will render them incapacitated...)

       An easy way to trick your attacker into a vulnerable position
     (once they realize what you’ve done, it’s already too late and
                        the fight will be over…)

    The “Black Zone” knockout technique that’s 10x more effective
        than your biggest haymaker (this deadly move is banned from
           traditional fighting and self-defense because of how
          effectively it works - so use only as a last resort…)

        How to read your attackers body language to know every move
       they will make, and before they even do it (this is a secret
            every great fighter knows, and now you will too…)

       The “Gutter Brawl” special op tactics for taking on large
        groups of attackers at once (now you can defeat and escape
         multiple attackers in a split-second using this brawling
                                secret…)

    A 2 inch target “soft spot” that will end any fight in under 10
      seconds (it’s so deadly, even a child can use this to knockout
                        a much larger attacker…)

         Plus, I'll even share my top 33 favorite moves that your
       attacker won’t be expecting (All of these moves are easy to
      learn and could save your life, or the life of a loved one in a
                   violent and unexpected encounter...)

        Now as you'll notice, this is a very detailed and expansive
      self-defense training program. Other people sell a fraction of
          this training separately, and for hundreds of dollars.

      Yet, I am including it all right here in this presentation for
      a very special viewers-only discount today. You can get instant
        access by clicking the add to cart button below this video.

      And that's not all you'll be receiving today... not even close!

        [cover-ultimatesurvivalfood-s.jpg] Training Module #3 - The
               Ultimate Survival Food Guide (Valued at $37)

      As you'll agree, food is one of the most treasured commodities
                        in the time of a crisis...

      Maybe you've seen footage of the store shelves when a disaster
                    strikes (like Hurricane Katrina...)

       So naturally, you'll want the inside-edge to stockpiling the
      right foods and without tipping off the government and FEMA in
          the process (yes, they are watching and once you use my
       training, you'll be quietly under-the-radar and shielded from
                         their spy technology...)

          Inside The Ultimate Survival Food Guide, I'll show you:

         The 9 most common mistakes most Survival and preparedness
       "experts" make (any one of these could spell disaster for you
                 and your family in the time of crisis...)

          A 77 item food checklist for ultimate preparedness and
       long-lasting survival (don't make the mistake of stocking up
       the wrong food items that won't last more than a few months.
           Here's the foods I choose to stock up on, and why...)

       There's nothing worse than watching a loved one slowly wither
      away due to malnutrition, and yet sadly it's one of the leading
                       causes of death in a crisis.

       Plus, if there is no electricity you'll need a special set of
      training (the kind every Navy Seal learns early to outlast the
      lesser-prepared. In this manual, you'll discover simple methods
      to prepare food without worrying about disease causing bacteria
                             or illnesses...)

       I'll also show you the best ways I know to guard and protect
       your stockpile and keep it off-the-grid should FEMA decide to
       kick in your door one day in search for resources (yes, this
      actually happens and all your resources could be stolen away in
                                a flash...)

      [cover-ultimatesurvivalmedicine-s.jpg] Training Module #4 - The
             Ultimate Survival Medicine Guide (Valued at $37)

      Did you know one of the leading causes of death in a crisis is
                               INFECTION…?

      Having the right medical equipment on-hand is a must for every
        true survivor, and yet it's also the #1 most common mistake
                    people will make in preparedness...

        These medical secrets, only shared in The Ultimate Survival
      Medicine Guide have saved many lives including my own, and each
                  of them are a must-have for you too...

       You'll discover how to treat wounds on-the-go and with only a
           handful of cheap items (in a crisis, you'll often be
       on-the-move and this is where most injuries occur. Here is a
            simple kit and guide to keeping infection away...)

            How to treat gunshot wounds, stab wounds and other
         life-threatening health risks without needing a hospital
        (there's no telling if hospitals will be open long after a
       crisis, because the materials will quickly be stolen and the
                      staff will flee for safety...)

       A complete checklist of my own medicine kit for both at-home
        and on-the-go (you should be prepared for anything, because
      once infection strikes you'll be in serious jeapordy of losing
              your life, or the life of someone you love...)
         Plus, discover the life-saving plants that can be used to
           instantly boost immunity and treat infection (A true
        survivalist must know what these plants are and how to find
                                 them…)

      You can access all this and much more just by clicking the add
                            to cart button now.
       [cover-truesurvivalistsweaponry-s.jpg] Training Module #5 - A
             True Survivalists Weaponry Guide (Valued at $37)

        Having a wide selection of weapons to protect you and your
                      family is always a wise move...

      You never know what situations will arrive suddenly and without
                                warning…

       In many cases, traditional weapons like guns and knives alone
            will not be enough especially if there are multiple
                               attackers...

          In the True Survivalists Weaponry Guide, I'll show you:

          A checklist of must-have weapons along with a special,
        underground list of weapons you can make right from home…

       You’ll learn how to make everything from Thermite Bombs to
       home-made pepper spray without spending hardly any money with
                      my at-home weaponry secrets...

      Which guns you should always have on-hand and where they should
       be hidden in the case of attack (guns should be the #1 go-to
       choice for self defense in the time of a crisis, but not ALL
          guns are created equal and there are hundreds of unique
        situations that require a different type of gun. Now you'll
                    know how to pick the right ones...)

      And so much more, I just don't have time to go into everything
                       or you'd be here all night...

      So if you are reading this now, I know you can already see the
        immense value offered this all-inclusive survival training
                                 program.

      It's truly unlike anything else you'll ever find I can promise
                                 you this.

       Yet, this is ONLY for real action-takers that are prepared to
        do whatever it takes for themselves, their family and their
                                 country.

       A crisis is on our horizon and many top financial experts are
              predicting the U.S. dollar will fall THIS YEAR!

        If you aren't someone who values everything I've showed you
      inside this exclusive presentation, and you aren't committed to
        keeping your family safe and protected like a real American
      should, then I would rather you not have this complete survival
                                 training.

          However, if you can see the incredible value I've just
      presented you, then you've proven to be an ideal member of the
                      Patriots Survival Community...

       There are well over 51,791 members to date and that number is
                      growing rapidly by the minute!

          And as a special introduction to our community, and for
      watching this entire presentation I'm going to slash the normal
      price of this complete survival training by more than HALF for
                   the next 5,000 fast-action members...

       There's no telling how long this page has been online so the
       price may return to normal at any moment and without warning.
       We are currently receiving over 700 new members a day and our
                    goal may be reached at any moment.

       I simply cannot stay in business for making you the offer I'm
      about to make, because the cost of advertising is just too darn
                               expensive...

       Yet, for you to access the entire Takeover Survival Plan now
        with all 5 training modules I've shared with you, it's only
      going to cost you $67 $37! Click the add to cart button now to
                             get total access:

        Add up the value of each training module the numbers say I
        should be charging $259 or more for this complete survival
                                training...

         So even at the regular price of $67 it's already a great
      bargain. Yet, you won't be paying even the normal $67 one-time
         investment today, but instead only a fraction of that for
                    finding this special presentation.

      Plus, just to make this deal even sweeter and more irresistible
         for you, today I'm going to throw in the “Hero Training
                Program” worth over $236,absolutely FREE!

      [cover-sealfitnesstrainingvideos-s.jpg] Hero Training Bonus #1
             - The Seal Daily Fitness Program (Valued At $55)

        In this video program, I will be showing you the very same
        training exercises and routine I use to always stay in peak
                           physical condition…

      Fact is, if you aren’t physically fit in a crisis, you will be
       far more prone to injury or attack from a larger predator…

       And for over 30 years, I have developed a daily training and
                weight lifting program I use religiously…

      It has helped me gain instant respect from other men and women
                            everywhere I go…

      The same respect you’ll want to have too, when all hell breaks
      loose and people are joining forces and killing off the weak…

        Here, you’ll have live video training of the exercises I
       personally use and exactly how to use it yourself, right from
         the comfort of your home, in just an hour or two a week.

      This video training sells separately for $97 all day long, yet
       today it’s yours free when trying out the Takeover Survival
                                  Plan…

      [cover-buildingafortifiedbunker-s.jpg] Hero Training Bonus #2 -
      Building A Fortified And Indestructible Bunker (Valued At $39)

          Here, you'll discover a simple way to build a safe and
      impenetrable shelter that will keep your family safe and secure
       for however long you need it - and it costs practically ZERO
                                 money...

       The guide includes step-by-step 3D diagrams for building the
      shelter, as well as all the information you need to obtain the
      necessary parts, such as where to go, what they cost, where to
                      build it, and much, much more!

       The 3D diagrams make building the shelter quick and easy, and
     you’ll also be shown how to ventilate it and make it 100% safe,
                  no matter what happens on the outside.

      This time-tested, proven, and specially created blueprint will
                        work for you even if you…
        * Live in the city or in the suburbs
        * Live in the mountains, near the sea, in the desert or in
          wet-lands
        * Have a large family
        * Have no construction skills whatsoever
        * Have no military training
        * Don`t know anything about building bunkers or shelters
        * Don`t know anything about survival methods
        * Don`t have a lot of money to spare
        * Can`t get anyone to help you with it!

      [cover-ultimatesurvivalstockpile-s.jpg] Hero Training Bonus #3
             - My Ultimate Survival Stockpile (Valued At $27)

        As well as showing you exactly what you need to do to build
      your very own survival shelter, I’m also going to give you my
                    “Ultimate Survival Stockpile”.

        … This must-have training manual reveals all of the most
      ESSENTIAL things that you absolutely must have in your shelter
                  if you’re going to survive a crisis.

         In fact, when you know what these essential supplies are,
        you’ll have everything you need to ensure the safety and
        survival of you and your loved ones for many, many months.

      [cover-completefamilyprotection-s.jpg] Hero Training Bonus #4 -
            The Complete Family Protection Plan (Valued At $27)

         The third component of The Takeover Survival Plan is The
      Complete Family Protection Plan, a step-by-step foolproof plan
       for protecting and handling your family in a time of crisis.

      When disaster strikes, people become scared. They panic and do
        stupid things. This is NOT what you want to happen to your
                                  family.

       In The Complete Family Protection Plan, you’ll be shown the
      proven leadership techniques that I’ve used myself to lead my
          troops to safety during disastrous and life-threatening
                                situations.

     You’ll be shown simple techniques for keeping your family claim
      and focused, how to create safe escape routes, as well as first
         aid techniques, prepping your pets, ensuring and specific
        preparations for every disaster scenario you can think of!

      [cover-30daysurvivalessentials-s.jpg] Hero Training Bonus #5 -
                30-Day Survival Essentials (Valued At $27)

        The fourth component of The Hero Training Program is 30-Day
       Survival Essentials – a guide to creating the very best and
       most complete bug-out bag possible, and better than anything
                          you could possibly buy.

      In this 30-day survival guide, I reveal the perfect 30-day food
      plan, how best to store and ration food and water, the type of
       weapons you need to defend your family from invaders (as well
                     as the ones you don’t need)…

      … The top 10 items you MUST-HAVE to keep your family safe for
       30 days, and much more, all revealed for the very first time!

                   But I’m STILL not finished giving!

      [cover-planbsurvival-s.jpg] Hero Training Bonus #6 - The Plan B
                       Survival Plan (Valued At $27)

       As well as all that, I’m also going to give you my back-up
                              survival plan.

       During my years in the US army, I learned pretty quickly that
      you always have to have a Plan B when facing up to a disaster,
             and that’s exactly what I’m giving you here.

      In The Plan B Survival Plan, you’ll discover the 5 key skills
      that you need to have, but will never want to use in the event
                     of a life-threatening situation.

       These skills should only be used as an absolute last resort,
        but trust me, knowing these 5 skills could very well be the
                    difference between life and death.

       When it comes to the crunch, you WILL NOT want to be without
                                this guide.

      [cover-diywaterpurification-s.jpg] Hero Training Bonus #7 - DIY
                 Water Purification Plans (Valued At $17)
       Humans can survive 3 weeks without food, but when it comes to
                      water, we’ve only got 3 days.
     This simple little DIY water filter could be your family’s life
        saver and you can make it from the junk in your trash can.
       You will learn how to build a quality survival water filter,
      which will turn any dirty water, into clean, healthy water that
                             will save lives.
        [cover-truesurvivalplantsandvegetation-s.jpg] Hero Training
      Bonus #8 - True Survival Plants And Vegetation (Valued At $17)
       This is one of the fun little guides you never think will be
      all that valuable, until the store-shelves are empty and people
                         are desperate for food...

      Here, you'll see in detail and with plenty of pictures, exactly
      what plants you can eat in times of crisis. Get a hold of this
       guide and you will be surviving in the wild like Bear Grylls.
          Add in the Hero Training Program to the already massive
      Takeover Survival Plan and you'll find the value and true price
                     of this program should be $495...

      Now you see why my friends and family are calling me "nuts" for
        only charging so little for something I have spent decades
                               preparing…

       Look below and when you click the add to cart button, you can
      access the entire Takeover Survival Plan and all 8 fast-action
                bonuses for only one payment of... $67 $37!

        And to show you how serious I am, and how much confidence I
       have in this package, I’m also going to take on 100% of the
      risk by offering you a 60-Day, Risk-Free Money Back Guarantee!

           So feel free to review The Takeover Survival Plan and
      everything in it, as well as the 8 Fast-Action Bonus Guides for
                             a full 60 days…

       And if you’re not absolutely blown away by the life-saving
      information, then I will return every cent of your money, with
                            no questions asked.

    All of the risk is on me – that’s how confident I am that I’ve
      included absolutely everything you need to protect your family
                  from any disaster, natural or man-made.

      So this is it… Its decision time, and right now, you have two
                                 choices.
        * You can continue on as you are, without this huge stockpile
          of survivor resources and special training. Putting
          yourself and your loved ones in serious jeopardy when
          America as we know it falls.

        * Or, you can become a savior to everyone you love… their
          hero… and their leader… by instantly transforming yourself
          into the most well-read and educated planner in town and
          ensuring your family’s safety, whatever happens.

         It’s time to decide what kind of person you want to be.

      The kind who thinks that the safety and security of your family
      isn’t worth $67 $37, or the kind who will do anything in your
               power to keep your loved ones safe and well.

      Now, if you’re sitting there thinking whether or not you NEED
                   this, then please, open your eyes…

       Even if we completely ignore the real and imminent threat we
        are facing with the U.S. dollar, and potential enemies with
        China, or real life terrorist attacks and natural disasters
      like floods, hurricanes, tornadoes and floods, the simple fact
        is, the US Government is already preparing for a full-scale
                      breakdown of civilized society.

       They know only too well that the economy is set to crash and
                burn like nothing we’ve ever seen before.

      And many leading experts predict it will all go down THIS YEAR!

     And if a crisis does strike and you’re not prepared, you’ll be
      competing with tens of thousands of other people in your local
      area for scarce resources – including food, water, and other
                                essentials.

      You could easily become exposed and vulnerable in your own home
                   as desperation and violence spreads.

       Do you really think that the Government will take care of you
         when that happens? After all, it could be the government
                  ransacking your property for supplies.

                Do you really want to have to rely on them?

      Imagine yourself standing in a government food line – hoping
      and praying that your wife, husband, son or daughter get enough
         food, and crossing your fingers that everyone will behave
                                peacefully?
                 Look, I’m not trying to scare you here.

     I’m trying to make you realize that being prepared is the smart
                 thing to do for the sake of your family.

    Because those who aren’t prepared are the ones who suffer most…
             the ones who get hurt… the ones who often die.

      Sure, you can wait a few months, and tell yourself that you’ll
                            get prepared SOON.

              But what happens if disaster strikes tomorrow?

      What happens if the economic bubble finally bursts for good and
      there’s no food around, or a hurricane, home invasion, flood,
          or even worse, nuclear disaster hits your town or city?

      Is it really worth the risk when the solution to your family’s
      safety is right here, right now – staring you in the face, for
                           a meagre $67 $37...?

      This is a complete survival system that will allow you to lead
        your family through any disaster, and come out safe on the
                                other side.

      With The Takeover Survival Plan at your fingertips, you’ll be
        the one who guides your family to safety when everyone else
         falls to pieces, panics and your local area descends into
                                 anarchy.

                Other people will look to you for guidance.

      You will become the hero in a time of crisis, because you will
                     be only one who knows what to do.
      The fact is, the people who are prepared… the people with the
     most knowledge about what to do in a crisis… are the people who
                                 survive.

       If you choose not to be prepared, then you'll be putting your
       family at great risk, and you will end up feeling completely
          powerless in the face of forces bigger than yourself...

          So please, make the smart choice and order The Takeover
      Survival Plan today, before it’s too late – and lock in your
      special bonus at the same time by clicking on the button below.

       Within a few seconds, you'll have everything you need at your
        fingertips: the entire Takeover Survival Plan and the Hero
      Training Program, all of which you can access inside our secure
                            members’ area...

      And remember, for a 1 time payment of just $67 $37, you’re not
                 just getting an incredible bargain today.

       You'll also be joining me in The Patriot`s Cause – a plan I
       have set in motion to inform 1,000,000 American family's this
        year - as well as the ever-growing survivalist community...

      And you'll even make some wonderful new friends along the way:
       like-minded folks like you and I who are dedicated to keeping
                 their families safe in a time of crisis.

        All you have to do now is click the add to cart button and
      begin your 60 risk-free trial of the Takeover Survival Plan...
      and remember, the package is valued at $495 and today you’re
      getting everything for just $37.  That’s a massive discount of
                        74% just for ordering now!

      In the past, you’ve probably been relying on the Government to
                  protect you during a disastrous event.

      But I hope that you now realize what a tremendous risk this is.

      The truth is, if you want to protect your loved ones, you need
                            to do it yourself.

              And today is your day to take responsibility...
             Do you have what it takes to protect your family?

         Is the long-term safety of your family worth $67 $37...?

     Because if you’re prepared to let such a tiny amount get in the
          way of protecting your loved ones, then you need to ask
                    yourself where your priorities lie.

                          Don’t take the risk.

      Don’t be in a position where you might have to look back with
     regret… haunted by the knowledge that you didn’t do everything
      you possibly could to protect the lives of the people you love.

        Hit the button below and make absolutely sure that you have
               everything you need to keep your family safe.


   “Im not a tin foil hat, hardcore survivalist, but I do beleive
   the USD will once again fall hard! This time will be much worse
   that 2008 though. We simply can't print anymore money to get
   out of this mess like last time.
   I found your financial security tips to be some of the best out
   there and the information is worth every penny. For anybody
   sitting on the fence about the quality of this content, I say
   GO FOR IT! ”

                                     Michael Mase. Cleveland, Ohio


   “After watching the movie "The Big Short", I firmly beleive the
   USD will fall through the floor very soon. I highly recommend
   the Takeover Survival Plan, every American family can benefit
   from this product.”

                                         Jonathan H. Austin, Texas


                             Common Questions:

      Jim Reed from Austen Texas asks: How does your guarantee work?
     And well it’s really quite simple actually. You have 60 days to
      read through the Financial and Survival modules, go through the
         entire Hero Training Program and pick apart all my work.
      Then, if you’re not absolutely 100% thrilled with the system,
      if you don’t think it’s worth 10 times your investment then
                          just send me an email.
       In fact, I urge you to send me an email and ask for a refund
      because if you don’t benefit from The Takeover Survival Plan
       and Hero Training Program then I wouldn’t feel comfortable
                            keeping your money.
      Remember, I didn’t create this program to get rich, I created
     it to help you and your family and if I don’t do that I don’t
                     deserve to keep your investment.
         Here’s another question I received from Adam Parker in
        Nashville Tennessee: Can I contact somebody if I need help
                              after I order?
      And the answer is absolutely yes.  You can call us directly and
      speak with somebody from my team at any time, or you can email
            us. Either way, we are here and ready to help you.
       And one final question. Brian Farmer in Perth Australia asks:
             Can I purchase even though I don’t live in USA?
        The answer is yes. You can get your hands on this system no
     matter what country you’re in. And by the way -  it’s great to
         see folks from all parts of the world preparing and doing
             everything they can to provide for their family.
      So, I hope those answers put your mind at easy before you order
         but if you do have other questions just call or email us.

      All that’s left to do now is to take action by clicking on the
         order button below, to get instant access to The Takeover
                            Survival Plan now.

                      Your family may depend on it...





              Need help? Email us at: contact@takeoverusa.com

   ClickBank is the retailer of products on this site. CLICKBANK®
     is a registered trademark of Click Sales, Inc., a Delaware
     corporation located at 917 S. Lusk Street, Suite 200, Boise
    Idaho, 83706, USA and used by permission. ClickBank's role as
   retailer does not constitute an endorsement, approval or review
    of these products or any claim, statement or opinion used in
                    promotion of these products.
      The thoughts and opinions expressed here are those of the
     seller(s) alone and do not necessarily reflect the views of
   Click Sales, Inc., its parents, subsidiaries or affiliates. The
      products, information, and other content provided by this
     seller are provided for informational purposes only. In the
     event of any problem with products that customers purchase
   through this seller, customers agree that their sole remedy is
       from the seller, if any, in accordance with any seller
               warranties and/or seller refund policy.
                            Fact Sources:
   http://www.forbes.com/sites/mikepatton/2015/04/24/national-debt
       -tops-18-trillion-guess-how-much-you-owe/#14b9ff7d5ebd
   http://fortune.com/2015/09/14/donald-trump-unemployment-rate-jo
                                 bs/
                  http://www.wnd.com/2008/03/59409/
   https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/greek-banks-likely-to-redu
   ce-atm-withdrawal-limits-without-more-funding/2015/07/08/cac198
              9d-dbdd-4685-80c1-0c85acdca746_story.html
   http://www.economist.com/blogs/economist-explains/2014/11/econo
                           mist-explains-6

References

   Visible links:

   Hidden links:
   2. file://localhost/tmp/lynxXXXX80kJco/order.php
   3. file://localhost/tmp/lynxXXXX80kJco/order.php
   4. file://localhost/tmp/lynxXXXX80kJco/order.php
   5. file://localhost/tmp/lynxXXXX80kJco/order.php
   6. file://localhost/tmp/lynxXXXX80kJco/order.php
   7. file://localhost/tmp/lynxXXXX80kJco/order.php
