   Before I begin, I need to warn you. What I’m about to tell you
   will shock you to the very core.

   I want you to know that it’s absolutely vital you watch this
   presentation until the very end, while you still have the
   chance, because it could be taken down at any moment.

   Have you seen the price of energy lately? Gosh, who hasn't! It
   seems like the price only knows how to go in one direction...
   UP.

   What you don't know is the dirty little secret Big Energy has
   known and kept from you for years.

   Hi. My name is William Carter. I’m 49 years old, and I live in
   a town called Joplin, Missouri, with my wife Mia, and my two
   doughters Emma and Olivia.

   Living in Missouri, high energy bills were something I’d been
   dealing with my entire adult life… And while I’ve certainly
   never liked having to pay $300 or more per month to keep my
   home warm during the winters… or cool during our muggy summers…
   I’d always just accepted that “that’s the way it is”.

   Missouri sits at the cross-roads of cold air coming down from
   Canada...tropical air coming up from Gulf/Florida...and the
   fast westerly upper air flow. So not too suprising that the
   weather can get so wild.

   However, in the winter of 2011, all of that changed...

   1st of February.

   We were hit by the heaviest snowfall in the last 41 years, also
   called the 2011 Groundhog Day Blizzard. At midnight, 18 hours
   and 35 minutes after the storm began, The Weather Bureau
   announced that 24.8 inches of snow had fallen.It was 4.8 inches
   above the record set in the legendary blizzard of 1970. Energy
   experts said it was a miracle that the power grid was up and
   running in those 3 days as the storm lasted.

   But, what a nasty surprise from my electric provider. My fairly
   incomprehensible electric bill, for my 2 bedroom house, through
   a winter quarter, was $1601.27. Yes, $1601.27! And no, I have
   not been sweltering, running a blast furnace or bakery. I’ve
   had my thermostat very low, but my “electric usage ... based on
   an actual reading ... was up 95% [compared with] ... the same
   period from 2010”.

   What is going on? I phoned the company to find out. Guess what?
   “All of our agents are busy.” For agents. I gave up.

   2weeks later a red reminder bill arrived. I rang again. “All of
   our agents ...” Song: “Unforgettable, that’s what you are, la
   la la … We apologise ... Thank you for your patience ...
   Unforgettable, la la la ...” I’d just accepted, and give up
   again. Anyway, this was nothing, but what followed 2 months
   later, was the most devastating moment of my life.

   On Sunday May 22, 2011 my family and I got up to get ready for
   church. I took a few moments to check facebook. Little did I
   know the horrific event that would take place later that day.
   After we got home from church and had eaten lunch the girls and
   I took an afternoon nap while my wife Mia had to go to work.
   After we woke up I started to do dishes and was going to get
   dinner ready. Olivia was watching cartoons on tv so we didn't
   have the local newstation playing, completely unaware of the
   weather.

   Emma called which is unusual to tell us to watch the weather. I
   turned the tv on to the newstation and she and I decided
   together we were safe that the storm was heading north of us.
   so we hung up and I started back to what I was doing. Then Mia
   called and said "do you know we are under a tornado warning?" I
   said "really? No" and then the sirens started going off. I hung
   up and took the girls to the bathtub and sat down. The sirens
   quit going off so we got out of the bathroom and started to
   resume our evening.

   I put Olivia in a stand up bouncer seat in the living room and
   Emma was sitting on the couch. Mia called again to check on us.
   While on the phone I continued to look through the windows
   keeping an eye on the extremely dark sky.

   When looking out my front window the sky to the left was a
   pretty light blue while the sky to the right was black. I kept
   hearing the weatherman saying the storm is "over the heart of
   Joplin" "I thought is that me?" Then I noticed hail
   sparatically falling out the front window. I told Mia who is
   still on the phone that it is hailng. She said "get in the
   hallway this is not a good sign."

   So I told Emma to get in the hallway and I picked Olivia up
   still in the bouncer seat and placed her in the hallway. I went
   to Olivia’s room and grabbed her bed pillows and her special
   puppy dog and blankies then shut her bedroom door. I went to my
   bedroom and grabbed just a few more bed pillows and shut our
   bedroom door along with Emma’s bedroom door and the hall
   bathroom door. These things I don't always do...

   Then something told me to remove Olivia from the bouncer seat
   and hold her in my lap, so I took her out and put the seat back
   in the living room. Then I realized the tv was too loud and it
   wasn't telling me anything worth hearing, so I got up to turn
   it down so I could hear more of what might be happening
   outside. It felt like seconds after I sat in the hallway the
   hail and extreme winds began banging on the front of the house.

   It was the loudest thing I have ever heard. The bones of the
   house shook, and the power went out. The force pushing on the
   house got stronger until it ripped through the house taking
   everything in its path. The noise was unbelievable, it was so
   loud! The wind was so strong and the skies were dark!

   All I could do was cover my babies and yell "God PLEASE keep us
   safe! PLEASE put your Angels all around us!" I begged and
   pleaded God to keep us safe.

   The tornado seemed to go on and on, the thought of what it
   would be like to wake up in Heaven passed through my mind. The
   pillow that was on my head flew immediately off and I thought
   man its me against the tornado now, so I got lower down on my
   girls. I begged God to "PLEASE let it end! PLEASE let it end!"

   I felt helpless. I was scared. I felt that we were about to
   die... By miracle the house held out.

   When it finally came to an end and I sat there checking on the
   girls and I hear a voice that I know very well yelling "Will?
   Will? Will?" It was my wife! She had been on the phone the
   entire time the tornado ripped threw the house! I couldn't
   believe it. I had to search a little through debris and I
   finally found my phone. Before I was able to say my firsts
   words , the communication was hit and miss.

   I sat there thinking "what do I do?" "Where do I go?" "Should I
   stay here or go for help?" I decided I needed to get the girls
   to safety. So I had Olivia stand up and then I stood up with
   Emma, then picked Olivia up and carried both girls in my arms
   along with Olivia’s favorite blanket and stuffed puppy dog and
   carried them barefoot to a nearby church. I can't believe I
   carried them that far not to mention barefoot. I didn't look
   around much, I was too afraid of what I would see.

   The girls and I just held each other close and walked to where
   we knew we would be seen. I walked to 20th and Wisconsin. I
   heard screams and cries. It broke my heart knowing there were
   injured or even trapped people out there but I had to keep
   walking to keep my girls safe.

   Once I reached the church we were all cold and tired and
   scared. We sat down on the church parking lot. Everywhere we
   looked had been destroyed. Soon Mia was able to get there too.

   Our neighbor says the storm lasted four minutes. In that time,
   four of the twelve town houses in our unit were completely
   destroyed. Of the houses left standing, ours suffered the least
   damage. Only a part of the roof collapsed... Amazingly, none of
   us were severely injured.

   Homes were messes of splinters. Cars, thrown like toys, sat in
   ridiculous places. Hunks of steel hung in trees -- the trees
   that were left. Most were shaved down to gnarly apocalyptic
   wishbones.

   When people were allowed back on their street -- if emergency
   crews gave them the green light -- that's when the real trauma
   set in for many. It's bizarre and disorienting when every
   landmark and sign your eye knows is suddenly gone and there's
   miles of nothing in its place.

   It's funny when you can't tell your own stuff when you get back
   and look at it like this. But, as I was soon to discover, that
   was just the beginning of the nightmare. Because over 130
   people lost their lives in this horrible storm. It was truly a
   tragedy. However, I didn’t know this at the time. But what
   hapenned in the next two weeks, made me feel POWERLESS because
   there was nothing I could do to protect the ones I cared for
   most…

   Joplin has no power. Water and food is out from stores and
   volunteers are handing out bottles and sandwiches. The twister
   is gone but the danger is still real. Instantly, I knew we were
   in trouble. No power meant no heat, no ability to cook food, no
   refrigerator, no freezer, and no lights. No cell phone service.
   No radio. No TV to help keep the girls occupied. No way to
   contact anyone.

   I can’t say that we were completely unprepared..we had a gas
   powered generator, blankets and some canned food. Problems
   started to appear the next day, when gas run out, and we were
   left without water and food. So I tried to find solutions... We
   had to eat and stay dry. Unfortunately we also find out that
   our emergency stock, have become inaccessible following the
   tornado.

   I decided to go out and get some food and water, from the
   volunteers, but I was told that a plane is sending emergency
   materials and supplies for us and it should arrive tomorrow!
   This is great news. The girls need to eat and drink today, not
   tomorrow. I can’t forget the girl’s image telling me: Daddy we
   are hungry..and thirsty..but I was helpless as they were.

   In the evening, someone knocked at the door. My wife went to
   see who is knocking, and came to tell us, that our neighbours
   John and Anna invited us to dinner. First, it seemed strange.
   We have just been hit by a tornado, everyone is struggling to
   survive, and they invited us to dinner.

   We decided to go, and when we arrived, John and Anna were
   cooking the dinner. They invited us inside.

   Since I made my first step into the house, I was amazed. The
   oven was working at full speed, the lights were all on, in all
   the house, and their kids were watching cartoons on the tv.
   Anna served us some hot cofee I looked at Mia, and Mia was
   looking at me. This means she was just as shocked as me.

   What the Heck? I thought this is not possible, we’ve just been
   hit by a tornado. And the autorities told us that all the lines
   are down, and no one has electricity in the city. How do they
   have electricity, and how they allow to waste it in such a
   manner? Probably they have some solar panels, or a wind turbine
   or a gas generator or something, or probably they are just
   paying thousands of dollars each month for the power bill.

   We had dinner, and Emma with Olivia were really happy because
   they could eat and watch cartoons on tv with our neighbours
   kids. After eating, we were drinking a hot cup of cofee, And I
   made my courage, and asked John how they have electricity, if
   all the power lines are down. John agreed to tell me, with the
   condition to keep well his secret.

   Then he said to me to follow him in his basement. He showed me
   something that looked like an electric engine, spinning very
   fast, and in the same time very quietly, and a small box, the
   size of a toolbox, connected to the engine with some wires.

   What`s this? I asked John. He smiled again...It`s a
   Generator... I asked John how the engine is powered without
   electricity. He told me that the engine itself produces
   electricity for the whole house.

   Another wires were coming out from the engine and were
   connected to a small electric box on the wall. John pushed a
   button, and suddenly the engine stoped spinning, and in seconds
   the lights went off, and we remained completely in the dark.
   John pushed again that button. The engine start spinning again
   and the lights went on again in all the house. John also told
   me that several hundred families in the country use this
   invention, and he is not the only one using it.

   This was the proof I needed. That thing really was making
   electricity for the whole house. We decided to spend the night
   in their house, so Mia can run a hot bath for the girls. I
   couldn’t sleep all night long, thinking about that weird
   invention I saw in John’s basement.

   The next morning we returned to our house, the volunteers gave
   us fresh water and food, and 2 weeks later our house was
   repaired and things started to get back to normal. But one
   thing was in my mind all the time. I wanted to make sure my
   family never goes through such a traumatizing experience again.

   I was starting to feel like a rat trapped in a corner trying
   desperately to find a way out… After a couple of days another
   crazy idea hit me in the back of my head and settled in my
   brain. What if I go to John and kindly ask him to help me build
   an invention like his at my house? I shared him the humiliating
   circumstances behind why this was so important to me… I begged
   him to give me the secret... To backup my house too. Finally he
   accepted...

   Then you probably know how whenever the situation you`ve been
   worrying about turns out OKAY...you feel this powerful wave of
   relief just overtake your entire body. John agreed to come to
   my house next weekend, and help me build the Generator. He gave
   me some old papers with some drowings, including a list with
   tools and supplies necesarly for building the device. So, I put
   what little money I had left, into building what John and I had
   started calling “Tornado Energy Generator”…

   I knew that whatever it will came up, had to be incredibly
   cheap to build. I found some of the parts I needed at a local
   junk yard and others I ordered from an online store… I had
   spent less than half of what I would have to shell out for
   paying one of the monthly power bills.

   Next Saturday morning, as we have spoken, John came to my
   house, and started toghether building the long supressed
   generator in my garage. All said and done, once the generator
   took us about 2 days to set up…

   Next day, Sunday afternoon our generator was finally ready and
   connected to my house power box. I think we were both a little
   surprised that I had been able to help him build something like
   this since I hadn’t picked up a tool since I was a teenager…

   The design was pretty nice... And was about the size of a small
   letter desk… which meant it could be put almost anywhere. The
   next step was to test it out and to see if it really worked as
   well as we thought it would.

   We pluged in an old AC unit laying down in my garage, and some
   tools I had there (a grinder, a hammer drill and an electric
   saw). Additionally, what I really liked about it was that it
   was incredibly safe… Much more so than anything that runs on
   gasoline.

   But the real test was when my next energy bill came the next
   month… My wife and I slowly peeled the envelope open, our
   insides churning with nervousness…

   Imagine the look on my wife’s face, seeing the electricity bill
   after less than a month of using this generator. It dropped
   from $347 previous month, to just $17. This was 6 years ago.
   Today my Electric bill does not exist.

   A few months later another idea hit me in the back of my head.
   Being a very helpful person, and genuinely kind and care for
   others, I put my foot down, and I told John that we had to find
   a better way to share this energy production system with the
   world. We had to do something to help others duplicate what we
   did. ’’Let's help other people escape the power monopoly and
   enjoy their energy independence’’.

   It took a lot of convincing effort but finally he agreed and
   this is how the ’’Tornado Generator Program’’ got started.

   Would it work for someone else, even if they’d never built
   anything before?

   We decided to create a easy-to-follow step-by-step guides so
   that anyone, no matter their location and technical skills, can
   do what we did.

   We brainstormed together how to make the ultimate Tornado
   Generator blueprint for the absolute beginner who has zero DIY
   experience. To be 100% honest with you, it wasn't an overnight
   success. In fact, the final copy of our DIY blueprints wasn't
   finished until 1 year after that conversation with John!

   It took so long because we tested it and re-tested it. We
   wanted our DIY plans to be so simple that literally ANYBODY,
   even with little to zero building experience, could build their
   free energy generator in a matter of hours. Not only we were
   able to get the ’’Tornado Generator Program’’ working, but we
   had made some adjustments to it and were able to increase its
   efficiency… What followed was a pleasure.

   You’ll see how easy it is to put everything together. And you
   hear this coming from a guy that used to work in a downtown
   office, and knew nothing about engineering.

   It's actually much easier than what you would expect it to
   be... even if you've never built anything before.

   In fact, this system was specifically designed so that ANYONE
   with one hand can build it – even if you have difficulty
   plugging your charger into a cell phone.

   Everybody can get solar panels up on the house or in their
   yard... But how long does a single charge last?... how much
   would a normal system cost?... Not to mention maintenance,
   snow, and all the space they take... Or even worse, putting
   your health at risk by hanging them on the house and climbing
   up there to clean them. It's a nightmare when winter comes...
   High winds... Or when a sudden hail storm hits.

   Just Imagine Having Your Entire Home Powered By ‘’Tornado
   Energy Generator’’…

   Honestly, you’ve never saw anything like this before and in 5
   minutes from now, you will be furious about the fact that you
   ever gave Big Electric… or the gas company… a dime.

   Pumping as much heat as you want during the winter… blasting
   the AC during the summer… running your televisions, your
   kitchen lights, your garage doors, your most heavy duty
   appliances… You might want to take notes because this will be
   short and intense…

   I started to get strange emails from someone at one of the
   local energy company. The emails just said that they knew what
   I was up to, they didn’t like it and that if I didn’t stop then
   they would take legal action against me.

   Now, Before I Continue, you must know that this page is going
   to be taken down Very Soon. It may be gone before you finish
   watching this presentation, because the Energy Mafia and the
   Government wants to shutdown us forever, so please watch it now
   while you can…

   Here's A Short Video Of The Device In Action: You’re going to
   see how a $60 device generates “energy from nothing’’

   Remember – this is a small scale of the ’’ Tornado Energy
   Generator’’ With larger scale devices the results are
   impressive.

   It is incredibly easy to build, the technology may have been
   the cutting edge in the 1930's, but these days, it is
   definitely not rocket science. It generates FREE electricity
   day in and day out, allowing you to slash your electricity bill
   by 80% or even 100%! Plus, the scaling trick that will get you
   off the grid for good and even make the electric company pay
   you for the electricity that you'll produce.

   You will discover how to get the optimal use from your Tornado
   Generator setup.

   • You’ll be able to heat or cool your home, light-up your house
   and operate all your home appliances. It is destined to meet
   real energy needs like refrigerators, air conditioning and
   machines, because you'll get the inside scoop on how to make
   this device even more powerful.

   • You can use this to provide power to your cabin no matter how
   remote in the mountains or forest it is. What's more... because
   The Tornado Energy Generator is very light and portable, it's
   perfect for power emergencies. No more freezing in the winter
   when the power goes off because of snow storms. It is
   completely environmental friendly - no fumes are involved and
   you won't even hear it running, in fact, it is probably more
   environmentally friendly than solar power or wind power
   systems! It makes no difference if it is raining outside or if
   it is too hot.

   You don't need an expensive battery bank to store the excess
   electricity produced by this generator! There's no maintenance
   whatsoever. You won't have to install in on your roof like
   solar panels and worry about the weather forecast all the time.
   You can basically install it anywhere you want. This device can
   be safe and easy to operate in any basement, garage or
   storehouse.

   Here's what people think about the device:


   So Here’s Why You Need To Try The Tornado Generator Today…

   Quite frankly, the exuberant bills you pay for electricity are
   criminally high… I don't know if you noticed, but our economy
   doesn't show any signs of improvement. With the prices getting
   higher every month, as well as unemployment rates, with health
   care and immigration policies always under pressure, I wouldn't
   be surprised if this year we see violence taking over our
   country. And if that happens, energy will be a very powerful
   asset.

   And electricity companies have teamed up with their so called
   “competitors” to transfer this increase in production costs
   directly to the customer…Instead of reducing their MASSIVE
   profit margins… I mean, come on… it doesn’t get more disgusting
   than that… This is why you need to insure your future with the
   Tornado Energy Generator device and waste no more time.

   Imagine being able to have readily available electricity
   without having to invest in expensive solar panels that can
   cost $20,000 dollars just to install… and thousands more to
   keep maintained… The Tornado Energy Generator on the other hand
   is extremely adaptable… and will completely change the way you
   look at energy:

   • It costs less than $100 to build – Everything you need could
   be purchased at your hardware store easily and cheaply… or you
   can go online for even lower.

   • It’s completely weather proof – It makes no difference if it
   is raining outside or if it is too hot. And you don't need an
   expensive battery bank to store the excess electricity produced
   by this generator!

   • It’s incredibly easy to build. you can find all of the spare
   parts and materials at your local electronics store, most of
   you will have a lot of the materials just laying around like I
   did.… this system was specifically designed so that ANYONE with
   one hand can build it – even if you have difficulty plugging
   your charger into a cell phone.

   • It is completely environmental friendly – there are no
   emissions, no fires, no fumes released or no radiation and no
   worry about creating a dangerous reaction.

   • And best of all, it generates FREE electricity day in and day
   out – allowing to slash your bill by 60%...80%...even 100%!

   Here’s How To Get Tornado Energy Generator Blueprints:

   You need to move fast on this one, because this web site could
   get closed down very soon due to legal threats. Our resources
   are limited. The first time we released this information about
   The Tornado Energy Generator, Big Energy unleashed its corrupt
   corporate legal devil dogs on us…and almost put us in jail, and
   we fear it might happen once again.

   Meanwhile, I’m being threatened constantly… and I’m becoming
   increasingly worried for the safety of my loved ones. Which
   means that, the moment I think the danger has become too real…
   or too immediate…I’ll have no choice but to take this website
   down forever.

   People need to hear about this amazing device – so they can
   join us in the fight with the greedy corporate energy monopoly
   monster!

   So Here’s The Deal:

   • The Tornado Energy Generator is available in digital format,
   as videos that you can watch (and re-watch) or download as many
   times as you like...

   • Just think about it, how much money did you send to your
   local power company last year? In 2 years? In 10 years?

   • Imagine slashing your electric bills 70%,80%, 90%, until
   getting completely off the grid and making them pay YOU for a
   change.

   • Imagine being able to have readily available electricity
   without having to invest in expensive solar panels that can
   cost $20,000 dollars just to install… and thousands more to
   keep maintained…

   • You will not only see your bill getting smaller and smaller,
   but you will make your home 100% immune to power outages,
   blackouts, storms or domestic emergencies.

   • I'm also talking about energy that's transportable. Once
   you've built it, you can take your generator wherever you need
   power, even in remote high altitude locations.

   • No matter what happens you’ll always have access to energy
   and electricity…

   • When the electricity goes out – you’re safe…

   • When the gas pumps close – you’re safe…

   • Creating electricity will not be a problem…

   • Imagine being able to light up your house, even in the worst
   circumstances, without having to run gas-guzzling generators
   that cost hundreds of dollars a day…

   How Much Is It Worth To You To Literally Get Free Electricity
   For Good?

   So I'm not going to ask you to invest $1000 for this secret
   even though I know it's worth at least that. It won't cost you
   $500, I wouldn't have afforded that. In fact, the whole reason
   I'm even charging any money for this is to keep the website
   running for as long as possible.

   Okay, here's what we were able to do for you. We worked hard to
   find a financial “sweet spot”. Yet, The Tornado Energy
   Generator Blueprints won’t cost you $500, not even $250 though
   they would be worth every penny at this price. I’m going to set
   the price of The Tornado Energy Generator Blueprints at just
   $69.00.

   I can’t guarantee that I can keep this price for longer,
   especially since we’re giving 60 days of unlimited email
   support… so don’t get mad if you come here in a few days and
   see that the price has gone back up.

   And Really... The Price Doesn't Even Matter

   That’s because you’re covered by “No Questions Asked Money Back
   Guarantee” for 60 full days.

   Look: I know that too many folks, getting off the grid with
   homemade generators may sound a bit too good to be true. So
   I’ve decided to make this as "risk free" as possible for you...
   and then, to take it up a notch. You'll get IMMEDIATE access to
   all the Blueprints, the step by step DIY manual, the video
   guides and the lists of tools and supplies...

   For A Single Payment Of ONLY $49.97

   And this is a onetime fee. There are no hidden costs, no
   "auto-billing" or forced continuity... so you can feel safe
   when ordering today.

   That’s probably less than half of what you’re paying each month
   on electricity... Obviously, you will make back your investment
   of $49 in a week or two, certainly in a month. Finally
   independent of our energy overlords, you will feel like a king!
   Getting the blueprints for the The Tornado Energy Generator is
   easy.

   Just Click The Big, Shiny, Inviting “Add To Cart” Button Below
   And You’ll Be Taken To Our Secure Order Page.

   Get your copy now. Try it out for a full 60 days. And if for
   some reason you're not satisfied... You don't see that damned
   meter stop... Or whatever reason you may have (you don't have
   to tell me)... Just write me a few lines on your private
   support page... And I'll refund you even if it's the 24th hour
   of the 60th day.

   Get rid of the daily or weekly arguments over the thermostat
   forever…And see what it’s like to slash your electric bill by
   60%... 80% or more… in less than 30 short days. If you find
   that the Tornado Energy Generator doesn’t help you to
   drastically reduce your electric bill by fully powering your
   home, just email me within 60 days of receiving your order to
   get a 100% refund. We’ll give you an immediate refund – even if
   it’s the 23rd hour of the 59th day.

   I started to get strange emails from someone at one of the
   local energy companies The emails just said that they knew what
   I was up to, they didn’t like it and that if I didn’t stop then
   they would take legal action against me. Honestly, if anything
   those emails just made me even MORE pissed at the power cartels
   than I had been already… And even more determined to get the
   Tornado Energy Generator system into as many people’s hands as
   possible.

   And think of the looks on the greedy executives’ stupefied
   faces... as they discover in horror that not only they’ve lost
   a $3,000 a year customer... but on top of that, ... They Have
   To Send YOU A Monthly Check – For $50, $100 or More!

   Now, you can send a message to the Big Energy "fat cats," and
   show them that you're no longer depending on them. And
   really... the road to energy independence starts with the push
   of a button. The Tornado Energy Generator will help you save
   thousands of dollars each year. You won't need expensive
   generators... And it is portable, meaning you can take it with
   you and use it for whatever you need.

   Instead of paying thousands of dollars on expensive
   generators... you can pocket the savings and spend it on more
   important things! I know it sounds crazy... but just imagine
   how good it would feel to know you’re not paying a cent on
   electricity. It’s a feeling of total peace of mind ... as
   you’re no longer trapped by a monopoly you cannot escape from.

   Imagine this: You’re coming home from work, receiving the
   bill... Your hands shake while you open the envelope... And
   YES! It's exactly what you've been expecting. The amount is
   NEGATIVE! This means that the electric company is now FORCED to
   pay YOU for the excess electricity you are selling back to the
   grid! And you’re getting checks every month… just from keeping
   The Tornado Energy Generator on!

   Month after month you will enjoy that wonderful stress-free
   feeling. At last, the financial pressure is off. It was like a
   bad dream and now it's over. The Tornado Energy Generator is
   about something bigger and more important than money. You'll be
   showing them that you can take a stand - and that you can
   become "energy independent," living on your own, without
   needing a single kilowatt of their expensive electricity.

   I don't want to pressure you here, but you've got a really
   simple choice to make. You've really got just 3 options:

   The first thing is to do like most people: take no action, do
   nothing. Right now, you could close this window and never look
   back. Leave this website behind and keep acting like a power
   nazi around the house, constantly worrying about every last
   kilowatt of power. Let your summers get hotter and winters get
   colder while you're left with an ASTRONOMICALLY HIGH energy
   bill each month!

   You can wait for the problem to solve itself. Unfortunately,
   that’s probably what most people will do. They will hope that
   the situation is only temporary... and they’ll pray that the
   Big Energy execs will suddenly "turn good" and start charging
   fair prices.

   Of course, there's a second path - Buy solar panels or other
   generators. It`s great that you want to take control over your
   life and protect your loved ones. It's even greater if you have
   the money to invest in these fancy technologies. But I've
   already showed you the drawbacks you'll be facing and I need to
   remind you that we're talking about thousands of dollars here,
   money that could easily secure your retirement.

   Our team of experts created this guide just for people like you
   who are ready to take matters in their own hands and wave
   goodbye to the Big Energy Mafia once and for all. But pay
   attention... because without our expert help it's a different
   story. Even if you find patents for the Tornado Energy
   Generator floating around the Internet, you will not be able to
   buy this type of generator anywhere in the world!

   But don't worry... we really have made it incredibly easy for
   you. Don't waste your energy and your money on expensive
   experiments. And if you really want to hit the Big Energy Fat
   Cats right where it hurts, in the money bags. Then you should
   consider option #3:

   Let ME Take All The RISK For You.

   Click the button and join the 28,000 other Patriots who have
   decided they’ve had enough of big energy sucking up their
   precious dollars… You have 60 days to decide whether this was a
   good investment or not. . You risk nothing. You’ve seen the
   proof that this works, you’ve heard the success stories. And in
   less than a month, you WILL see the results for yourself.

   Get the blueprints today… and put them to the test. See how
   easy it is to make your own electricity with The Tornado Energy
   Generator.

   Just Click The Orange “Add To Cart” Button That You See Below.

   As soon as you click that button, you will be taken to our
   secure order page. They are easily one of the biggest and most
   trusted online merchants in the world. They handle many
   thousands of secure transactions every day so there is no risk
   to you.

   After you've finalized your payment, you will be taken to our
   private Member's Area. This is where we keep the plans,
   blueprints, guide, lists and much more, including a surprise
   gift just to show you how much we appreciate you joining us and
   taking action. You'll be able to view the over-the-shoulder
   video guide, the blueprints, the illustrated instructions and
   the material lists right from your computer, Smartphone or
   tablet.

   You'll get IMMEDIATE access to all the Blueprints, the step by
   step DIY manual, the video guides and the lists of tools and
   supplies...for just $49.97.

   You'll also be able to download all of the files and you can
   print out as many copies of the blueprints and materials lists
   as you'd like. On top of your instant access, I'm also going to
   make sure that building the system, and running it, is one of
   the easiest, simplest, and most pain-free experiences you ever
   have in your life. That's why, when you take advantage of this
   significant discounted investment price today... You're also
   going to get unlimited customer support for LIFE.

   So go ahead and invest in the Tornado Energy Generator system
   right now... And I'll look forward to seeing you inside that
   "members only" area in a few moments from now.

   There are some questions that I keep receiving from people, and
   I’ll try to answer a few here.

   1. If the parts are available in local stores, then why doesn't
   everybody have free energy?

   There are more than 17,000 happy families already using The
   Tornado Energy Generator but every serious prepper that uses it
   won’t brag about it. For some it’s the fear factor - most
   people think this is too complex to build. The fact is The
   Tornado Energy Generator is easy when you have the proper
   blueprint.

   2. Is the Tornado Energy Generator Hard to Build?

   This is incredibly simple to build. You’ll kick yourself for
   not taking up The Tornado Energy Generator earlier. There's
   very little physical labor, so even the elderly or those with a
   bad back or other ailment should have no problem making it. As
   a result, there are just a small handful of materials required,
   and you should allow about three hours total for construction.
   If you're still feeling nervous, remember that there's also the
   step-by-step video guide that's included inside. Simply watch
   what I'm doing, then copy it. It's really that straight
   forward. Plus, if you do get confused for even a second, don't
   forget to take advantage of your free lifetime support that's
   included.

   3. Another popular question goes something like this: "Is this
   just a fancy demo? Does it really work?"

   Listen, we totally appreciate and understand your healthy
   skepticism. In fact, we welcome it. If you did not have a
   skeptical, free thinking, inquisitive mind, then you would
   never have arrived at our web site. The short answer is
   "Friend, this is real. This works. You will break free of the
   energy company choke hold."

   4. How much is this really going to cost me to build?

   Typically people spend about $85 on their Tornado Generator, if
   they get everything brand new. But I’ve also had thousands of
   people write and email to tell me that they built theirs for
   free. Those people simply took a little extra time to visit
   their local junkyard, and found that almost every part they
   needed was right there waiting for them.



     In order to keep him anonymous, the author used a pen name:
                           William Carter.

       [1]Disclaimer | [2]Privacy | [3]Terms and Conditions |
            [4]Contact | [5]Refunds | Affiliate Resources

   While all attempts have been made to verify information
   provided in our website and publication, neither the merchant
   nor the author assumes any responsibility for errors, omissions
   or contrary interpretation of the subject matter herein. All
   products presented here are strictly for informational purposes
   only. The story and presentation are created strictly for
   promotional purposes only. Some home alteration alternatives
   may be illegal in your town, city, state, province or country.
   It is your responsibility to inquire with your local authority
   about how to proceed if restrictions apply. The product is an
   experiment, it was not technically assessed and has not been
   individually producted nor small-scale produced or
   mass-produced. Although we have not encountered a problem, you
   still must consult with your local authority.

   ClickBank is the retailer of products on this site. CLICKBANK®
   is a registered trademark of Click Sales Inc., a Delaware
   corporation located at 1444 S. Entertainment Ave., Suite 410
   Boise, ID 83709, USA and used by permission. ClickBank's role
   as retailer does not constitute an endorsement, approval or
   review of these products or any claim, statement or opinion
   used in promotion of these products.

   The thoughts and opinions expressed here are those of the
   seller(s) alone and do not necessarily reflect the views of
   Click Sales, Inc., its parents, subsidiaries or affiliates. The
   products, information, and other content provided by this
   seller are provided for informational purposes only. In the
   event of any problem with products that customers purchase
   through this seller, customers agree that their sole remedy is
   from the seller, if any, in accordance with any seller
   warranties and/or seller refund policy.

References

   Visible links:
   1. https://easypowerguides.info/disclaimer.php
   2. https://easypowerguides.info/privacypolicy.php
   3. https://easypowerguides.info/terms.php
   4. https://easypowerguides.info/Contact.html
   5. https://easypowerguides.info/Refunds.html

   Hidden links:
   7. https://torgen.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=1&cbfid=42462
   8. https://torgen.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=1&cbfid=42462
   9. https://torgen.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=1&cbfid=42462
  10. https://torgen.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=1&cbfid=42462
