   For ordinary men and women who just want to know how to handle
   a situation if the worst ever happens to them… or their family

Nobody EVER expects to be
attacked… until it happens.

But if an attacker thrusts a
knife in your face or grabs
you from behind, would you
know what to do?

The world’s most experienced tactical trainer reveals
The #1 Move To Survive & Defend Yourself In Any Situation

   Sunday February 22, 2026
   [atm-robbery.jpg]

   Clearwater, FL -- When the situation demands, we like to
   believe we have what it takes.

   We like to believe we can handle ourselves when faced with an
   attacker. It's not a situation anyone wants to think about, but
   we like to think we could protect ourselves when a thug thrusts
   a knife in your face or pushes a gun into your chest.

   The shocking fact is most people don’t. In this highly
   pressurized situation, most people crumble.

   Because contrary to popular belief, when things go south we
   don't rise to the challenge. We fall back to our best level of
   preparation… and for most that means NONE.

If you're not prepared, you make mistakes.
Serious mistakes.

   [girl-attacked.jpg]

   Mistakes that don’t just leave you hurt... mistakes that could
   leave you lying face down in a pool of your own blood.

   I’m sure you’ve heard all the scare tactics before.

   I don't mean to sound like a hyped-up news piece... but the
   truth is police report after police report points to the same
   thing:

   Ordinary people get it wrong when dealing with violent
   offenders.

   They lose it. They give in. They let their attacker control the
   situation.

   They just don't know how to deal with violence when it's
   playing out in front of them.

   In a moment I’ll share with you the THREE most common mistakes
   every victim makes that you need to avoid, but before that let
   me introduce myself…
   [mike-westerdal.jpg]

   My name is Mike Westerdal, SPC (Strength Psychology Certified).
   I'm a personal trainer, national best selling physical
   preparedness author as well as the founder of the internet's
   longest-standing strength site, CriticalBench.com.

   I'm speaking to you today not just as a training expert but as
   a father and a husband... who would do anything to protect his
   family.

   You see, I learned something a long time ago about protecting
   yourself.

   I used to get pushed around when I was younger. I spent years
   building up my body and becoming stronger. I got mentally and
   physically tough the hard way. As I got bigger, I learned to
   handle myself. Working in security, I learned first-hand how
   violence really plays out.

   If you’re a police officer or serve in the military you learn
   to read a situation better than ordinary citizens. Active
   service teaches you what violence REALLY looks like.

   You see, there’s a problem with how we see violence in this
   country and it’s why most people go to pieces when bad things
   happen…

Why our “snowflake” society has
weakened our resolve and given power
to the bad guys

   [weak-men.jpg]

   If you want to understand the root of all the problems with
   violence in this country, don't look at guns. Don't look at
   knives. It’s nothing to do with any weapon.

   Instead, you'll see the problem cowering like a scared little
   animal behind the sofa.

   We’ve become a society of mentally weak wimps. Modern life no
   longer requires us to have the mental strength we need to hunt
   for food or fight for survival.

   Back when I was a kid, we lived in a more physical era to put
   it mildly.

   Certain problems didn’t get solved by calling a lawyer. Fists
   were the answer when things got rough... and afterwards both
   parties would shake hands like gentlemen.

   Back then, violence didn't frighten people as much. As violence
   has become less part of our everyday lives, when we do see it,
   it’s SHOCKING.

   Nowadays, we can't see violence without running away screaming.

   I’m not saying we should go back to settling every dispute with
   our fists. I’m telling you this to explain why most people are
   left paralyzed when violence plays out.

   But worst of all it leaves us vulnerable…

The last thing I want is for you to feel like you’re living in a
world ruled by fear…

That’s why you need to be prepared
against those who DO want you to
live in fear

   [mike-g-bio.png]

   Your biggest weapons against fear are knowledge and
   preparation. And that’s why it pays to have the world’s
   foremost expert in preparing you for anything on your side.

   Meet Mike Gillette, world renowned tactical trainer and fear
   management expert who has trained more elite agents and
   individuals in the art of handling “complex” situations than
   anyone else.

   Mike is the embodiment of toughness. Mike Gillette was one of
   the smallest and weakest kids in his class who grew up in a
   household overwhelmed by domestic violence and substance abuse.

   Yet, he overcame all this to become a REAL LIFE action hero.

Mike's Curriculum Vitae or Resume Includes:

     * In-demand tactical trainer for elite government agencies –
       FBI, DEA, DHS and TSA.
     * An army paratrooper
     * A SWAT commander
     * A member of the Martial Arts Masters Hall of Fame
     * A counter-terrorism consultant to the Department of
       Homeland Security
     * He has over 25 different use-of-force and weapons systems
       instructor designations to his name.
     * A bodyguard to Fortune 500 executives and film stars, like
       Sylvester Stallone

   It’s no word of an exaggeration to say that when it comes to
   “handling the situation”, Mike is untouchable.

   And now I’m going to say something that will SHOCK you.

   That all Mike’s hard-won experience, qualifications and time in
   the field cannot match what I consider to be Mike’s greatest
   asset.

By far Mike’s biggest - and most important -
gift is his ability to teach.

   Put simply, there’s no-one else on the planet who has the
   ability to take someone - ANYONE - and show them how to become
   mentally strong and physically capable in record time.

   That’s why there’s no-one else on the planet worth listening to
   on this subject other than Mike Gillette.

   Before I introduce you to Mike, I need to get something out of
   the way and this is really important…

Why all the advice on handling an
attacker you’ve ever been given is
wrong...

   [girls-attacker.jpg]

   Want to know what’s worse than walking around scared of
   EVERYTHING around you?

   Yes, you’ve got it: walking around with the FALSE BELIEF you're
   completely safe.

   If you're reading this and think you know what to do if you
   were attacked, think about this…

   Where did you get your advice from? A YouTube video or article
   on the internet from a no-name "expert"? Or from tactical
   trainer and former bodyguard, Mike Gillette.

   Who do you TRUST more with your life?

   I'm not saying all advice out there is bad. I'm saying it pays
   to know WHO is giving the advice. Advice is easy to give, yet
   if it's wrong... the stakes are higher for you.

   I'm sick of reading B.S. information from anonymous keyboard
   warriors who know NOTHING. Who've NEVER experienced the shock
   of having someone push a gun into their chest. Who have NEVER
   felt the terror of a knife waved in anger at their face. Who
   don't have the scars of taking on multiple attackers... and
   SURVIVING.

   Mike Gillette has.

   He’ll tell you it's nothing like the movies. It's dirty. It's
   painful. It's over in seconds. And regardless of the outcome…
   it’s going to be the worst day of your life.

   Whether you keep your cool and live to fight another day... or
   end up face down in a gutter depends on YOU.

   The problem is you've been misled. The wrong information could
   leave you dead. That’s why you need to know…

The 3 FATAL mistakes made by every victim
who ended up dead in the gutter

Mistake #1:
Believing everything the bad guy tells you

   Whatever you do, don't listen to the bad guy. Believing what
   the bad guy is telling you is bad for your health.

   "Do what I say and you won't get hurt…”

   You believe that? It's one of the biggest mistakes you can
   make... Don't believe a word coming out of a bad guy's mouth.

   Let me tell you, NOBODY is smoother than a career criminal. He
   knows how to manipulate you. He does it without thinking.

   Of course he would. He practices all the time.

   You can’t take his words at face value. You need to take
   action. Which leads us to the next huge mistake...

Mistake #2:
Leaving the first scene of the crime

   Having worked in law enforcement, Mike will tell you there's an
   important pattern with attack crimes you need to know.

   There's usually a crime scene “A” AND a crime scene “B”.

   Let me explain. Where the attack starts isn't always where it
   ends. If an attacker has a plan for you, most will want to take
   the victim from one location to another.

   And, sadly, nearly every victim AGREES.

   Here's what you need to know. If the attacker tries to move you
   from one location to another, it shows they're NOT in control.

   He can't control you or the environment.... that's why you
   should NEVER go with him. If you go with him, something
   horrible will happen to you.

Mistake #3:
Denial about what is playing out in front of you

   It's crazy. Most people resist reality even when reality is
   about to KILL them.

   Call it polite society, call it fear of looking stupid...
   people will watch a situation go south and not do a thing for
   as long as possible.

   Here’s the problem. EVERYTHING in our society tries to suppress
   our intuition. We’ve no longer trust our gut. You know when
   something is going wrong. You feel it in the pit of your
   stomach... but you still try to ignore it.

   DON’T! Learning how to reverse years of ignoring how we feel
   will serve you well. Intuition is your body's warning system
   that something's not right. If it's goes off, take NOTICE.

   Too many people are too concerned about the consequences of
   making a scene or mistaking the situation and overreacting.
   Sure, there’s the fear of being embarrassed but what if your
   intuition is right and you do nothing…?

   If you’re reading this and thinking “this will NEVER happen to
   me” understand this…

You may not go looking for trouble, but trouble can easily find you

   Good people don’t go to bad places, bad people go where good
   people are.

   Again, I don’t tell you this to scare you. That’s the last
   thing I want. And I'm not peddling cheap fear tactics to get
   you to buy anything.

I tell you this because it could save your life.

   If you're worried confronting this means accepting the world is
   a bad place, don't. But there ARE people who do BAD things in
   this world.

   And they're not just "on the other side of town" or "in a shady
   neighborhood".

   It's a myth muggers hide out in dark alleys. Or attackers sit
   in bushes preying on women walking through the park. Just
   waiting for you.

   We don't make those mistakes.

   People who want to hurt you or your family go where there are
   people.

   That may be a ball game. A subway. A crowd. An event. A school.
   Even to the front door of your own home, like this violent
   predator in Manhattan (“In every case, the suspect follows his
   victims into their buildings once they open the front door…”
   )^[1]1

   It is PREDICTABLE for them.

   That's why it's shocking when bad things happen in your good
   neighborhood. Or places that are familiar to the victim.^[2]2
   [high-end-apartment.jpg]

“I never expected it to happen to me,
and if it happened to me, I expected it
to happen somewhere else, not… in
that nice of an area”^[3]3

   And it's why advice that tells you to avoid those bad places is
   useless. You already KNOW to avoid those places. That's called
   "common sense".

   It's WORSE than useless. It's DANGEROUS. Because it gives you a
   false sense of security that you'll never get into trouble if
   you avoid trouble spots.

   Once you understand the truth, it all changes. Knowing how an
   attacker's mind works doesn't make you just like them. It gives
   you an advantage OVER them.

   Now you know why it’s important to learn from someone who
   really knows the lay of the land.

   That someone is Mike Gillette…

   If Mike only had time to show you just one move this would be
   it.

The #1 Move To Survive & Defend Yourself in Any Situation Is The
Brachial Stun

   [brachial.jpg]

   It's simple and easy to perform while creating a significant
   result and it's something nobody is expecting.

   No one protects their neck from strikes.

   Plus you will be striking with your forearm which is a very
   difficult area for you to injure on yourself.

   The target is the side of your attackers neck where you'll find
   the bracial plexus (motor nerve) and a superficial nerve called
   the Greater Auricular Nerve.

   When this area is hit it creates a nervous system stun that
   virtually shuts off your attacker's body for a few seconds.

   It's a very serious technique. In some law enforcement circles
   this move is classified as a deadly force technique.

   Only use this technique in self defense under the appropriate
   legal, ethical and moral circumstances.

   The stun can last for 3 to 7 seconds and sometimes longer.

   The Brachial Stun is a legit, one-strike knockout technique.

Here's how to perform this move:

   [exercise-demo.jpg]

   Step 1: Swing your forearm from the side with a slight downward
   angle into the side of your attacker's lower neck.

   You are basically whipping a relaxed limb horizontally into the
   side of your attacker's neck.

   Landing any part of the forearm will be effective and create a
   nervous system stun.

   Step 2: Rather than letting your forearm bounce off your
   attacker's neck you want to transfer more force by pausing at
   the end of the strike to let it sink in.

Give Mike Gillette an hour and he'll give
you all the skills you need to defend
yourself FOREVER

   Let me hand over to Mike G for a moment to tell you a story
   that effortlessly demonstrates the power of his learning
   technique.

   It comes from his time training the cabin crew of United
   Airlines after 9/11 to show them how to tackle terrorists in
   light of the heightened threat.

   Over to you Mike G…
   [tape.png]

A Personal Message From Mike

   [mike-gillette-3.png]

   Thanks. Before I tell you the story of a lady called Lola, I
   want to make sure you fully understand this lesson. You see
   it’s a common misconception that knowing how to deal with
   violent behavior somehow means you accept it.

   Nothing could be further from the truth. Violence in any form
   is unacceptable… but hiding your head in the sand and
   pretending it doesn’t happen or won’t happen to you is
   dangerous.

   The transformation I’m about to describe isn’t just a physical
   change. It is a mindset change. Because once you understand the
   power of developing the mental fortitude to handle a situation
   you realize that…

Knowing this doesn’t make you more fearful. It frees you from fear

   And that’s exactly what happened with this story of a lady
   named Lola.

   During one of my counter terrorist training workshops for
   United Airlines, I first met Lola. In fact, I remembered so
   vividly the moment I saw her tiny, unassuming frame shuffle
   through the door into the training room.
   [lola.jpg]

   You see, Lola was one of United's most experienced cabin crew.
   She was 70 years old and an old-school customer service pro.
   Her whole career was dedicated to serving others and making her
   customers feel safe and comfortable. This was way out of her
   comfort zone.

   I had a few hours to add a more muscular side to her. I had to
   show her how to identify and disable a possible terrorist
   threat.

   A concerned manager took me aside just before we started and
   whispered under his breath: “Er… Mike, is this stuff you're
   teaching safe? Is it safe for our people to train in this way?"

   He said this, one eye clearly on sweet little Lola.

   I smiled at him, knowing what was going to happen next.

   Less than an hour later, I experienced something special...

   Lola was bringing the thunder.

   She had pinned a 25 year-old woman on the floor and needed to
   be stopped.

   If Lola, a gentle, caring lady and grandma could learn to
   defend herself and more, in less than an hour, so can you.

   What makes Lola’s story even more powerful is something else
   that she brought. You see, there were others in that room who
   were younger, or bigger, or more physically capable… but I knew
   right away they didn’t have the same fight as Lola.

   And that’s because Lola WANTED IT. If you want to learn how to
   bring thunder of your own, you have to ask yourself…

How much do you really want to be THAT guy or girl who EVERYONE looks
up to?

   [mike-g-teaching.jpg]

   You see everyone says they want to learn to protect themselves.

   Everyone says they want to do what it takes to protect their
   family and loved ones.

   But when it gets down to it... you have to commit.

   I can teach you how to become that person you want to be. The
   guy or girl who instinctively knows what to do when the going
   gets tough. The one person in the room who is cool, calm and
   collected when everyone else is losing it.

   If you want to be that person, I can show you how.

   But if you can’t commit - and I mean commit RIGHT NOW - you're
   probably not ready.

   As I've demonstrated knowing how to deal with an attacker has
   two parts: a physical side and mental side. Your success has
   the same two parts. Before we deal with the physical side, you
   have to be there mentally.

   Is that you? Are you that person? Because if you are, let's do
   this. I believe in you... and I want to give you all the skills
   you need.

Introducing

   [Real-Life-Self-Defense.gif]

Never before has a program delivered this volume of top-level
training
designed specifically to help regular men and women of ANY age or
ability defend themselves so they can stay safe and get home

   [Real-Life-Self-Defense-System.jpg]

   Whether you’re a college student, a 35 year old couch potato
   who’s never lifted a fist in anger or a 70-year old grandma,
   the minute you finish this program you’ll have the ability to
   SERIOUSLY hurt someone.

The REAL LIFE Self-Defense Program

   In three parts, Mike Gillette is your personal instructor in
   the art of REAL LIFE Self-Defense. Using his proven rapid
   teaching method, Mike moves you from zero to master in a matter
   of hours.

   Filmed in a state-of-the-art combat training facility, stand
   alongside six “normal” students being trained by Mike, each of
   whom paid $1,000 to be in the room for this one-of-a-kind
   training.

   He reveals the “secret” techniques honed over decades in the
   field at the highest level for the first time ever.
   [mike-teaching.jpg]

Mike delivers the program using ordinary people in realistic
situations. They're not trained in martial arts or fighting
techniques.

   They're like you and I. And he transforms each of them into a
   dangerous weapon using only their body.

   Designed to be immediately useable, we recommend you watch and
   learn along with Mike and his students. You won't believe your
   eyes when you see what his students achieve after only an-hour
   learning from Mike.

   Video Series 1: Protection & Targets

   [reallife-protection-video1.jpg]

   You need to get prepared now, so we don't waste a moment.
   Everything you need in the exact amount of time needed to cover
   it. No filler, no BS, no messing about.

   Mike Gillette pulls back the curtain on the secret tactics
   those "in-the-know" use to deal with “situations".

   Best of all, you'll learn how to practice these moves without
   killing anyone. And it’s so simple you can learn this today and
   teach a family member or loved on, tomorrow. Believe me, you'll
   become dangerous in the shortest time possible...

In this part, you will learn:

     * Why you’re risking your safety by leaving your training to
       chance watching online videos
     * Why the definition of self-defense is the key to ultimate
       survival and escape
     * How to use the “Vegas” technique to disrupt the mindset of
       an assailant to turn the tables on him
     * Why you need to fall the right way to get to your feet
       again and take the fight right back at them
     * The No. 1 method move used by attackers in an unarmed
       assault and the counter-intuitive move to diffuse it in a
       moment
     * Stand strong - ready your prime self-defense posture to
       respond to any attack
     * The two street-smart tactics to offer you protection no
       matter how big, tall or ferocious the attacker (watch as
       the instructor absorbs blow after blow using these
       super-simple techniques)
     * “Hit 'em where it hurts” - knowing how and where to sucker
       punch an attacker to disable them

   Video Series 2: Natural Weapons Of The Body

   [reallife-weapons-video2.jpg]

   If your version of self-defense involves reaching for a gun or
   a baseball bat by the side of your bed, you've a problem.
   Consider this a wake-up call: you're not prepared.

   Understanding how to use your body as a natural weapon gives
   you an in-built advantage over an attacker. You will never
   suffer from a lack of preparedness.

   As Mike says: “You don’t get to pick your assailant, they get
   to pick you…”. In this section, you’ll discover how to gain so
   big an advantage in any situation it doesn’t matter how big or
   tall your attacker.

   You don't need to major in martial arts to learn the art of the
   strike.

In this part, you will learn:

     * How to redirect the bad guy’s focus away from you back onto
       them, using one powerful tactic (do this and they’ll
       seriously regret ever messing with you)
     * The 2 killer moves using one “unassuming” body part to stun
       an attacker and literally stop them in their tracks
     * Why even basic punching moves in a “street situation” could
       do you more damage and disable you… and what to do instead
     * The “Hard-Soft” Rule you can rely on to take down your
       aggressor with your bare hands
     * The 4 "Open Hand" strikes to master you can deploy in
       endless combinations for deadly effectiveness
     * The "Hammer Strike" move that'll leave an attacker
       regretting the moment they decided to rumble with you (make
       ‘em turn and run with this shock tactic)
     * How to use your elbow the right way to maximize the force
       of your body's natural “dagger"
     * Why kicking is seriously overrated and will leave you
       vulnerable...
     * ... and the killer move to do instead if you want to
       disable an offender regardless of their speed and agility?
     * Why there's only one way to execute a disabling knee strike
       - get it wrong and you'll help the bad guy (Mike shows you
       the RIGHT way to do it)

   Video Series 3: Controlling the Subject

   [reallife-control-video3.jpg]

   You have seconds to respond effectively in a violent encounter.
   What you do in those vital moments makes the difference.

   Reacting to the situation comes first; knowing how to control
   the subject resolves the situation.

   The third element of REAL LIFE Self-Defense deals with
   takedowns and what to do if you are pinned, chocked or grabbed
   from behind.

In this part, you will learn:

     * How to master the "Takedown Formula" to see off your
       attacker with their tail between their legs
     * The 100% most effective way to handle your way out of any
       situation
     * The two types of "leverage" you need to know to break your
       attacker's resolve
     * How to harness the "4 planes" of applied force to topple
       your opponent with minimal effort…
     * … and how to overcome him in seconds by applying these
       components in devastating combinations
     * How to use an attacker's strength against themselves with
       the "Axis technique”
     * How to engineer the “Magic Moment” that kills the battle
       fast in your favor and allows you to get away.
     * The 2 super-rapid hand movements you need to instantly
       floor an attacker who tries to “tough it out”
     * How technique beats muscle every time to give you the upper
       hand on any size aggressor (watch a tiny female student
       effortlessly take down her sparring partner after less than
       15 minutes of Mike’s training)

For a limited time only, invest in REAL LIFE
Self-Defense and you will instantly
receive these life-saving bonuses
+

   BONUS 1: REAL LIFE Knife Defense

   [knife-defense.jpg]

   Few scenarios are more terrifying than an attacker coming at
   you with a blade.

   A knife attack represents a more immediate and dangerous
   situation than any other weapon. A simple
   blade can turn any physical assault into a vicious knife
   attack. That's why preparation will keep you alive.

   In REAL LIFE Knife Defense, Mike Gillette shows you how to
   respond to a knife attack and get to safety.

   With a few simple moves, protect yourself and respond to any
   situation a knife attacker throws at you.

Here's what you'll learn:

     * The 'real' danger knives pose to your safety
     * Why you need to know the difference between a knife
       'threat' and a knife 'attack'? (Understanding this is vital
       to responding in the appropriate way… Get it wrong and a
       survivable situation could end in certain death).
     * The "3-Step" drill to protect yourself from an attacker
       intent on stabbing you. (You don't need to be quick, you
       just need to know what to do).
     * How to respond to a knife threat even if the attacker grabs
       you around your neck or comes at you from behind
     * "The 5 S's" defense sequence to handle a knife attack,
       subdue the bad guy and escape with your life. (Once you
       know this you will confidently handle ANY real world
       knife-related situation)
     * How to defend yourself against the 4 most common knife
       attacks

   BONUS 2: Rape Escape

   [rape-escape.jpg]

   If you’re female or have female loved ones, this could be the
   most powerful thing they get their hands on this year, next
   year and for the rest of their lives. No-one deserves to go
   through the horror of rape…

   In this video series, Mike demonstrates simple moves that have
   a serious impact on your safety… and your potential rapist's
   health.

Here's what you'll learn:

     * How to strike this #1 power posture to guarantee you don’t
       go to ground when facing a flurry of strikes
     * Grip em’ and rip em’ with the 3 power tactics to make the
       assailant regret he ever messed with you
     * “The Rule of Jaw” - how to use your most dangerous natural
       clamp to bite your way out of any situation
     * How to disable, disarm and destabilize any "wanna-be"
       rapist by targeting the “Super Seven” weak spots
     * “Deadly digits” - how to instantly transform your fingers
       into a deadly set of stabbing instruments
     * Already down on the ground? Not a problem. Mike shows you
       two easy moves to regain control and put your attacker on
       the defensive.

What Others Are Saying…
“SIMPLICITY COMBINED WITH EFFECTIVENESS”

   [quote-top-left.png]

SWAT Team Leader Approved

   [Todd-L.jpg]

   Mike is one of the few who can walk the talk. His operational
   experience combined with his ability to transfer the knowledge,
   skills and abilities in his training to anyone, is second to
   none.

   His methodology is sound and anchored in real world scenarios,
   not just theory applied in an untested environment. His system
   relies on key principles... that are simple, effective and
   easily recalled under stress which is what separates him from
   everyone else.

   Todd Lamb
   SWAT Team Leader (ret)
   AlphaNation.com
   [quote-top-right.png]

Works For Anyone

   [jeff-a.jpg]

   Mike Gillette knows “danger”. In his line of work, there’s no
   room for error and a violent attack typically comes as a
   no-warning ambush that can only be survived by employing
   brutal, no-nonsense tactics that will stop an attacker as
   quickly as possible and not rely on strength, size, or a long
   record of previous fight experience.

   If your goal is to truly survive a violent attack on the
   street, in a parking lot, or in your home - know that Mike’s
   fighting system is based on real-world experience (NOT
   “theory”!) and could mean the difference between going home to
   your family… or headed to the hospital in the back of an
   ambulance (or worse). Why would YOU settle for anything less?

   Jeff Anderson
   Editor “Modern Combat & Survival” Magazine
   [quote-top-left.png]

Reinforce a Survivor Mentality

   [Michelle-D.jpg]

   I absolutely love the REAL LIFE Self Defense program. When
   stress levels are high, fine motor skills diminish, tunnel
   vision occurs, and adrenaline spikes.

   The self-defense movements in this program are simple,
   effective, and easy to remember during a hostile encounter.
   These videos will instill confidence, especially for women
   without experience in self-defense tactics, while reinforcing a
   survivor mentality to literally fight through an attack.

   Women MUST watch "rape escape" to learn these esteemed defense
   techniques. I can not express the value and impact these videos
   can have on one's life.

   Michelle Di Capua
   @lethal_beauty
   Venice, FL
   [quote-top-right.png]

Easy To Learn & Very Effective

   [Mike-Z.jpg]

   Mike Gillette is the real deal! He teaches the easiest most
   effective and safest way to escape any confrontation that you
   may get into. I highly recommend this program to every single
   person out there as these skills are essential for any human
   being of any age.

   Mike Zhang
   North American Muay Thai Champion
   [quote-top-left.png]

Learn From the Best

   [Rob-P.jpg]

   Mike Gillette is a rare self-defense instructor who knows how
   to not only help people reach their potential, but also how to
   increase their potential. He is someone who can educate,
   empower and improve a person mentally and physically. Many
   people understand the skills, Mike understands people.

   Rob Pincus
   Internationally-recognized firearms trainer, author and
   consultant.
   Featured in USA Today, The Washington Post, and World News
   Tonight.

Look, if you think you’ve seen this before I need to tell you…

Why REAL LIFE Self Defense is the single
biggest statement ANYONE has made on
this topic… EVER

   [class-1.jpg]
     * Overcome your natural fear response to act cool, calm and
       confident and respond in the right way to any threat
     * Learn to trust your intuition again to pick up your body’s
       natural warning signs and act BEFORE the situation becomes
       “complex”
     * Become mentally strong to wrestle control from an attacker,
       by getting deep inside the mind of the criminal to
       understand how they think (seriously, they won’t know
       what’s hit them when they can’t rely on their usual mind
       games)

   [class-2.jpg]
     * Make your physical response second nature by rapidly
       “downloading” these simple tactical moves to memory to
       effortlessly defend yourself and survive
     * Many self-defense "experts" design their programs to show
       off how skilled they are. Mike doesn't need to prove
       anything to anyone. He knows exactly what works and that's
       what he shows you, even if it's not pretty. It won't get
       you more likes on your Instagram video... but it will save
       your life. Which do you prefer?
     * Don't waste your time with fancy martial arts moves you
       don't have time to practice. Leave those fancy pants moves
       to the movies. You don't need complicated moves. You just
       need to know what works.

   [class-3.jpg]
     * Learn street-smart tactics those who know how to defend
       themselves against an attack use to survive and live
       another day. And now you can use them, too. Every move is
       practical and appropriate for real world situations.
     * The most comprehensive self-defense program taught by the
       world's best tactical instructors, incorporating the best
       of all his hard-earned techniques and strategies
     * Shot in high quality definition for the best viewing across
       all your devices so you can see, experience and copy every
       move and every action with the greatest clarity possible
     * Rapid learning method to speed your progress with each
       lesson broken down into easy-to-consume chunks for optimal
       learning
     * Instant preparedness – watch one video series and know
       exactly what to do within minutes thanks to Mike’s
       effective, simple instruction and highly developed proven
       training method

This program makes you so LETHAL… it
comes with a HEALTH WARNING

   [warning.gif]
   WARNING: This product can cause SERIOUS damage to bad guys. You
   will have the knowledge to defend yourself from any kind of
   attacker. But with great power comes responsibility.
   [warning.gif]

   These are street-level, no-holds-barred techniques used by
   those in-the-know. This isn’t martial arts. You won’t take
   years to develop discipline alongside your technical ability.
   You get the whole self defense playbook in one hit and I need a
   promise from you to use your powerful skills in a responsible
   manner.

   This ISN’T for you if you just want to learn how to kick
   someone’s ass. This ISN’T for you if you want to show off your
   strength. This program turns you into a weapon when you need
   it. Regardless of age, ability and fitness, fight off an
   attacker WHEN the situation requires it.

   Before we go on, there’s a problem – and it may comes as a
   shock because…

Every other program on the market
leaves you at the mercy of bad guys…
because they FAIL these TWO tests

[thumb-down.gif] Failure #1:

No focus on understanding the psychology of an attacker

   [criminal-mind.jpg]

   80% of defending yourself against an attacker has nothing to do
   with the physical. It's psychological. Until you understand the
   criminal mindset, you won't defeat them.

   You see, it's not a fair fight. If you're mentally
   under-prepared, the attacker wins. They're an expert. They've
   years of training to manipulate you and coax you down a dark
   alley or into an empty parking lot. They know how to control
   their environment.

   And they rely on you not knowing this.

   A program needs to start with understanding criminal
   psychology. Sure, you may learn a few clever punches and
   defense techniques.

   Yet all this is useless if you crumble under the pressure of a
   bad guy tricking you into making a wrong move.

[thumb-down.gif] Failure #2:

Too complex

   [too-complex.jpg]

   Some of these guys who show off their self-defense videos and
   books need to get a grip. The level of skill needed to pull off
   their basic moves is CRAZY for most ordinary people.

   If your defense system requires more than a few hours to
   master, you don't have a program.

   The only techniques you will ever use are the simple ones.

   They need to work for an ordinary person without prior
   training, technique or ability.

   So even if you think you don't have time to learn how to fight…

You don't need to spend years training to
be a martial artist. This is what you need
to know instead

   I've already spelled out for you what's in the program. I've
   shown you how others have used Mike's real world tactics taken
   from real situations.

   I've demonstrated how the program will help you, no matter your
   age, fitness or ability.

   As you will see, preparedness doesn't mean mastery. You don't
   need to spend hours practicing forms and moves every day. You
   don't need to master skills that look great, yet mean nothing
   when it gets down and dirty.

   You just need to know what WORKS.

   Don't let the simplicity of Mike's teachings fool you. This
   ISN'T basic. These are advanced tactical moves. The reason they
   become part of your arsenal is because Mike is your coach.

   There's a reason Mike has earned the reputation of being the
   best instructor of REAL LIFE self-defense. He knows how to make
   this knowledge part of you. When you do this once, you never
   need to learn it again.

   And it's ALWAYS there. Ready for ANY situation.

   Now there's a lot in this program. And I know what you're
   thinking... "isn't this going to be expensive?"

   But let me ask you…

Can you ever put a price on your life or the safety of those you
love and care about?

   [protect-your-family.jpg]

   Your safety and your loved one's safety is priceless. No amount
   of money will ever be enough to protect them. But let's cut to
   the chase... to get access to this kind of training costs
   money.

   The tactics taught by Mike in this program have only ever been
   available to corporate clients. United and Disney paid hundreds
   of thousands of dollars to Mike for these skills. You don't
   have to.

   Work one-on-one with Mike – if you can handle it – and he
   charges $5000 for the day.

   Or you can attend one of Mike's private workshops to learn
   this. The six students in the REAL LIFE Self-Defense training
   each paid $1,000 to be in the room with Mike.

   But if you want to get your hands on EXACTLY the same training,
   you won’t have to pay $1,000 today.

   You won't have to pay anywhere near that.

   Full disclosure here, but I told Mike he could charge $200-300
   for this program EASILY. But he won't let me twist his arm and
   demands this is a no-brainer for regular hard-working families.

   To get hold of Mike's program, you won't even pay $100... or
   even HALF that.

   REAL LIFE Self-Defense is available to you today for the measly
   sum of $39.

   Yes, just $39 for everything outlined above.

   Let’s put that in perspective. That’s less than the cost of a
   couple of over-hyped fighting books from Amazon.

   That’s a tiny price to pay for what could potentially save your
   life.

   If you're wondering why we're pricing this so low, well here's
   the reason...

Every hard-working, law-abiding American needs to know this

   [all-american-family.jpg]

   Everyone deserves to know how to defend themselves and protect
   their family.

   If you're anything like me, you think about your family a lot.
   You spend your waking moments feeling a deep need to keep them
   safe, to protect them. It's natural.

   That's why Mike and I are in complete agreement. This training
   needs to get out there. That's why we're practically giving the
   series away.

   For just $39, it's an investment that's affordable for
   EVERYONE.

   I’m serious about the power of Mike Gillette’s teachings and so
   I’m dedicated to helping as many people buy this program as
   possible to share with their loved ones.

   Buy this today and watch it with those you care about. The
   peace of mind that they’re prepared will be the greatest gift
   you give them… and yourself.

STAY SAFE. GET HOME.

Claim Your Copy of REAL LIFE Self Defense
with FREE Bonuses Before the Discount Expires

   Promotional Pricing Breakdown

Everyone Can Afford Price…

Regular Price…

$39

   *Limited Time Only

$99

   [your-price.png]
   Digital Only Version
   [red-checkbox.png]

   Get a digital copy of REAL LIFE Self Defense and Bonuses
   available for instant download anywhere in the world.

   Download it to your computer, mobile or tablet device for
   instant enjoyment!
   [Real-Life-Self-Defense-System-sm.jpg]

Your Discounted Price: $39

   [4]Add To Cart

   [5]Click Here To Order
   [cc.png]
   [best-seller-badge.png]
   Physical DVD Plus Digital
   + Free Bonuses
   [red-checkbox.png]

   Get your physical copy of REAL LIFE Self Defense includes the
   DVD shipped directly to your home.

   …PLUS instantly download the digital versions and bonuses
   absolutely free
   [Real-Life-Self-Defense-Dig-Phys.jpg]

Your Discounted Price:

   [DEL: $99 :DEL] $39
   +$7.95 S&H
   [6]Add To Cart

   [7]Click Here To Order
   [cc.png]

It doesn't matter what your age or size, if
you watch this series only once it will
positively change your life.

   GUARANTEED.
   [60-days.png]

   "Really?" I hear you say. "After viewing it once?"

   Look, I know it sounds too good to be true. Heck, I was
   skeptical when I first heard what Mike could show you in just a
   few minutes I didn't believe my ears either.

   But I just can't let you leave today without trying this for
   yourself. It's that important we get this into your hands, your
   loved ones hands and in front of anyone you truly care about.

   It’s why I want to make this easy for you. Try Mike's program
   for the next 60 days and if you're not convinced this training
   is life-changing, I'll give you every penny back.

   That’s zero risk and all the benefits.

   I know you’re going to be delighted by this training. But if,
   after 60 days of trying the program, you don’t feel safer, more
   prepared and confident you can handle yourself in any
   situation, simply contact our support team within the refund
   period and we’ll refund the full cost. No questions asked.

And if you’re still on the fence this is why you need to buy this
NOW…

No-one EVER expects an attack when it
comes...

   [fight.jpg]

   How long will you risk being vulnerable?

   Scan the headlines and the new stories for the words of those
   who are lucky enough to survive an attack. You will see the
   same comments every time...

   "I didn't expect it..."

   "He came from nowhere..."

   "I never thought it would happen to me..."

   No-one ever thinks it will happen to them. Until it does.

   Here's the truth. It's not personal. Sometimes bad things
   happen to good people through no fault of their own. When you
   recognize that, you understand why it pays to prepare
   yourself... just in case.

   Don't wait until tomorrow. Don't wait until next week. Lift the
   weight from your shoulders knowing that you can defend
   yourself.

   You can't put a price on knowing deep in your soul that your
   loved ones are protected.

   Invest in this and watch this with those you care most about…
   even if it’s just once. It could be the greatest gift you give
   to yourself and your loved ones – the peace of mind that they
   are empowered to stay safe and get home.

   Remember, preparation doesn't mean accepting violence. It means
   freeing you and those you care about from the fear you will
   suffer at the hands of an attacker.

Let me ask you… when has ignorance EVER been the best
strategy?

   I’ve explained everything that REAL LIFE Self-Defense offers
   and you’ve seen in detail how knowing this prepares you for any
   unforeseen horrible situation.

   Mike Gillette’s powerful method of teaching has already shown
   people from all walks of life, just like you and I, how to:
   [fear.jpg]
     * Overcome your natural fear response to respond in the right
       way to any threat
     * Trust your intuition and act BEFORE the situation becomes
       complex
     * Become mentally strong to wrestle control from an attacker
     * Make your physical response second nature to defend
       yourself and survive

   So you have two choices right now:

[circle-x.gif] CHOICE #1

   Tell yourself you'll deal with this "some other day" and go
   back to your life. Hoping you never have to experience the
   horror of an attack before you get around to learning how to
   defend and survive.

OR

[circle-check.gif] CHOICE #2

   Take action, invest in REAL LIFE Self-Defense and set aside the
   worry and fear that comes from not feeling like you know what
   to do in a bad situation.
   [bottom-couple.jpg]

   Almost as soon as you start the program, you will experience
   what every other REAL LIFE Self-Defense student experiences.
   That eye-opening moment when you realize “yes, I can do this!”.

   Once you start to master the psychology of fear, it feels like
   a veil is being lifted and you start to see the world
   differently. And all the worry that is making you paranoid or
   fearful of the world is totally unfounded. You step out every
   day knowing you’ve got this covered.

   Trust the world's best instructor on this subject, Mike
   Gillette, to give you the confidence to deal with any
   situation.

   You'll also feel great when you share this training with those
   you care about. Imagine how good it will feel knowing you've
   helped them prepare for ANYTHING.

   Within a few weeks of discovering the program, you feel a
   change come over you. You think with greater clarity and
   purpose. And everyone you know notices.

   You hold yourself differently. You see things others don’t.

   You’ve learned to control fear. And you know that when you need
   to, you're someone that shouldn't be messed with.

   Choose to be THAT person right now and act decisively. Hit the
   Buy button below, punch in your credit card details and within
   minutes you’ll receive log-in details so you can protect
   yourself and loved ones.
   Digital Only Version
   [red-checkbox.png]

   Get a digital copy of REAL LIFE Self Defense and Bonuses
   available for instant download anywhere in the world.

   Download it to your computer, mobile or tablet device for
   instant enjoyment!
   [Real-Life-Self-Defense-System-sm.jpg]

Your Discounted Price: $39

   [8]Add To Cart

   [9]Click Here To Order
   [cc.png]
   [best-seller-badge.png]
   Physical DVD Plus Digital
   + Free Bonuses
   [red-checkbox.png]

   Get your physical copy of REAL LIFE Self Defense includes the
   DVD shipped directly to your home.

   …PLUS instantly download the digital versions and bonuses
   absolutely free
   [Real-Life-Self-Defense-Dig-Phys.jpg]

Your Discounted Price:

   [DEL: $99 :DEL] $39
   +$7.95 S&H
   [10]Add To Cart

   [11]Click Here To Order
   [cc.png]

   Lastly I'd like to tell you something about the magnitude and
   scope of this product. As someone who has observed the
   self-defense information landscape for many years, I can assure
   you that NO ONE has put out this much top-level content on this
   topic….PERIOD.

It is the right information at the right time, delivered by the right
person, for the right reasons.

   I truly appreciate you for taking advantage of this life-saving
   material.

   Stay Safe. Get Home.
   [mike-w-familyi.jpg]

   Mike Westerdal, SPC
   REALlifeDefense.com
   mike@reallifedefense.com

   P.S. Discover how to prepare yourself for ANYTHING with Mike
   Gillette's REAL LIFE Self-Defense RISK FREE with our 60 day
   money back guarantee.

   Invest just $39 today and receive all the bonuses, watch all
   the videos and experience the transformation in your mind and
   body. If you're not completely convinced you're not prepared
   for ANYTHING we'll give you all your money back. No questions
   asked.

   But hurry! REAL LIFE Self-Defense is only available at this
   promotional launch price of $39 for a limited time. Take action
   right now. Learn to defend yourself and fight back and become
   the one who everyone looks to handle any situation.

   P.P.S. Is it really worth worrying about whether you’ll freak
   out or freeze up if you’re attacked when you have a chance to
   fix this right now for just $39?

   P.P.P.S. Just think… if a 70-year-old air flight attendant who
   has NEVER lifted a finger in anger could physically overcome a
   young, fitter and stronger assailant using what Mike Gillette
   showed her in less than 30 minutes… imagine what YOU could do
   with this training.
   [quote-top-left.png]

Feel More Prepared

   [Keri-S.jpg]

   After taking this self-defense class with Mike Gillette, I feel
   more prepared to identify potential danger and protect myself
   physically. Mike teaches easy-to-remember strategies that can
   be used by anyone. I brought my 13-year-old daughter with me
   and she was successful at performing all the skills that were
   taught.

   Keri Schultz Christensen
   Mental Health Therapist
   Anamosa, Iowa
   [quote-top-right.png]

Reduce Fear & Anxiety

   [Matthew-G.jpg]

   As a nature photographer, I frequently find myself outdoors in
   secluded areas before sunrise and after sunset. While these
   hours provide the best light for photography, it's not the
   safest time of day to be alone, and in some situations my
   thoughts focus more on my fears than my craft.

   Truthfully, since purchasing Mike Gillette's REAL LIFE Self
   Defense video series my anxieties in these early morning and
   late situations have significantly subsided. REAL LIFE Self
   Defense has provided me with the confidence to know that I can
   protect myself.

   Matthew Gehly
   Greenville, PA
   [quote-top-left.png]

Gentle Woman now feels she can protect herself

   [Amanda-K.jpg]

   I have always been a very passive and gentle person. The idea
   of defending myself always seemed impossible. Impossible
   because I wouldn’t know what to do and impossible because I
   didn’t think I would have the ability to stand up to an
   attacker. As a woman though, the thought of potential attack is
   constantly on my mind.

   Since watching Mike Gillette's REAL LIFE Self Defense video
   series I feel confident that I could protect myself if the
   worst happened. The self-defense strategies taught are simple
   enough to remember under a time of extreme stress and I know
   now from watching this video series that sometimes just putting
   up a fight is enough to get away.

   Amanda Kohl
   St. Petersburg, FL
   [quote-top-right.png]

I Feel More Aware of My Environment

   [Farnum.jpg]

   After watching Mike Gillette's REAL LIFE Self Defense product I
   feel a heightened sense of awareness about my surroundings.

   I realized that a bad situation can often be avoided completely
   simply by learning to listen to my gut feelings and intuition.
   Bad guys can act nice but give off a bad vibe. Thinks I never
   noticed before stand out right way to me now and I can easily
   avoid the entire situation before it goes down.

   As a recording artist, I work in a lot of different
   environments and it helps me to focus and perform better when I
   know I can trust my instincts and be prepared if something were
   to happen. I highly recommend this product to anyone and it's
   worth 100x's the price for sure.

   Farnum
   Recording Artist
   Trinity, FL

   Digital Only Version
   [red-checkbox.png]

   Get a digital copy of REAL LIFE Self Defense and Bonuses
   available for instant download anywhere in the world.

   Download it to your computer, mobile or tablet device for
   instant enjoyment!
   [Real-Life-Self-Defense-System-sm.jpg]

Your Discounted Price: $39

   [12]Add To Cart

   [13]Click Here To Order
   [cc.png]
   [best-seller-badge.png]
   Physical DVD Plus Digital
   + Free Bonuses
   [red-checkbox.png]

   Get your physical copy of REAL LIFE Self Defense includes the
   DVD shipped directly to your home.

   …PLUS instantly download the digital versions and bonuses
   absolutely free
   [Real-Life-Self-Defense-Dig-Phys.jpg]

Your Discounted Price:

   [DEL: $99 :DEL] $39
   +$7.95 S&H
   [14]Add To Cart

   [15]Click Here To Order
   [cc.png]

FAQs About REAL LIFE Self-Defense

   Q: I’ve never done any self-defense or fighting before. Will
   this work for me?

   A: Mike Gillette has created a program specifically designed to
   take ANYONE regardless of age, size or ability and transform
   them into a weapon against an attacker. Unlike martial arts and
   other combat sports, REAL LIFE Self-Defense doesn’t rely on
   spending hours and hours learning complex, fancy moves. All the
   moves are simple, easy to learn and - importantly - more
   effective than most of the tactics other programs and trainers
   try to teach.

   Q: How does the guarantee work?

   A: We’re so confident you’re going to love the program, we’re
   sure you’ll be delighted with every aspect of it from start to
   finish. However, we understand with the amount of
   misinformation out there in the market, you’re rightly
   skeptical about this which is normal. That's why we are taking
   all the risk and offering a no question anakiwas asked, hassle
   free guarantee. Try the program for 60-days and if you're not
   absolutely ecstatic about your decision just send an email to
   our friendly customer support desk for an immediate refund.

   Q: Is this appropriate to show my kids?

   A: One of the great things about this program is Mike has
   designed it to be used by the whole family. It’s not uncommon
   for parents to watch this along with their kids. In fact, we
   recommend it as you’ll discover how to plan ahead for the very
   worst as a family. Again, it’s not sensationalist or filled
   with hype. Mike Gillette simply delivers the right lessons in
   the right way so you pick up the moves and understand the
   lessons as quickly and effectively as possible.

   Q: Why doesn't it cost more?

   A: At $39 REAL LIFE Self-Defense is an absolute steal. We know
   that but it’s our mission at REALlifeDefense.com and in
   conjunction with Mike Gillette to deliver important,
   life-changing programs to as many stand up people as possible.
   That’s why we’re charging only $39 for a limited time to make
   this training available to as many people as possible.

   Q: What format is this presented in?

   A: The program is delivered as a series of online videos, all
   recorded in high definition. As soon as your purchase has been
   confirmed you will receive log-in details to the portal where
   you will be able to view or download the videos at your
   convenience to watch on your computer, phone or tablet.
   Digital Only Version
   [red-checkbox.png]

   Get a digital copy of REAL LIFE Self Defense and Bonuses
   available for instant download anywhere in the world.

   Download it to your computer, mobile or tablet device for
   instant enjoyment!
   [Real-Life-Self-Defense-System-sm.jpg]

Your Discounted Price: $39

   [16]Add To Cart

   [17]Click Here To Order
   [cc.png]
   [best-seller-badge.png]
   Physical DVD Plus Digital
   + Free Bonuses
   [red-checkbox.png]

   Get your physical copy of REAL LIFE Self Defense includes the
   DVD shipped directly to your home.

   …PLUS instantly download the digital versions and bonuses
   absolutely free
   [Real-Life-Self-Defense-Dig-Phys.jpg]

Your Discounted Price:

   [DEL: $99 :DEL] $39
   +$7.95 S&H
   [18]Add To Cart

   [19]Click Here To Order
   [cc.png]

   Resources:

   What does it feel like to have a loaded gun pointed at you in
   anger? (Forbes) - Nov, 2012 -
   https://www.forbes.com/sites/quora/2012/11/14/what-does-it-feel
   -like-to-have-a-loaded-gun-pointed-at-you-in-anger/#27583fc629a
   2

   “I was held at gunpoint. Here’s what I wish everyone knew about
   trauma” (MindBodyGreen) - Nov, 2015 -
   https://www.mindbodygreen.com/0-22518/i-was-held-at-gunpoint-he
   res-what-i-wish-everyone-knew-about-trauma.html

   Mugging: victims and attackers give their accounts (BBC) -
   April, 2012 - http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-17589574

   How to survive a mugging (Art of Manliness) -
   http://www.artofmanliness.com/2017/03/22/how-to-survive-a-muggi
   ng/

   Fight or flight: what should you do if someone tries to mug
   you? (Telegraph)
   http://www.telegraph.co.uk/men/thinking-man/10592981/Fight-or-f
   light-what-should-you-do-if-someone-tries-to-mug-you.html

   5 things I learned after getting mugged (Thought Catalog) - Dec
   2013 -
   https://thoughtcatalog.com/richie-rodgers/2013/12/5-things-i-le
   arned-after-getting-mugged/

   “This is really scary”: mugger attacks multiple women in
   Manhattan (CBS Local) - March 2017 -
   http://newyork.cbslocal.com/2017/03/03/manhattan-violent-muggin
   gs/

   How I survived a mugging (Adventurous Kate)
   http://www.adventurouskate.com/how-i-survived-a-mugging/

   Tampa Police search for three suspects after deadly beating
   (Fox13) - Jan 2017 -
   http://www.fox13news.com/news/local-news/230171709-story

   Lakeview, Wrigleyville mugging victims describe violent attacks
   (ABC7) - July 2015 -
   http://abc7chicago.com/news/lakeview-wrigleyville-mugging-victi
   ms-describe-attacks/887458/

   Video shows woman robbed by suspect in clown mask in Montebello
   parking garage (ABC7) - Dec 2016 -
   http://abc7.com/news/woman-robbed-by-suspect-in-clown-mask-in-m
   ontebello-parking-garage/1647224/

   7 warning signs your self-defence training is useless (The Self
   Defence Expert)
   http://theselfdefenceexpert.com/warning-signs-your-self-defence
   -training-is-useless/

   Martial arts for street fights? 5 myths debunked (Survivopedia)
   http://www.survivopedia.com/martial-arts-myths-debunked/

   SAS advice on how to survive a knife attack - and how best to
   fight back (Lincolnshire Live) - June 2017
   http://www.lincolnshirelive.co.uk/news/uk-world-news/sas-advice
   -how-survive-terrorist-97824

   Dealing with PTSD after sexual assault (Elite Daily) - June
   2017 -
   https://www.elitedaily.com/dating/sex/cope-ptsd-after-sexual-as
   sault/2004113

   Coping with rape and sexual assault (American Academy of
   Experts in Traumatic Stress) -
   http://www.aaets.org/article117.htm

   Terrorist Attack: How we can prepare for hidden trauma
   (American Academy of Experts in Traumatic Stress) -
   http://www.aaets.org/column9.htm

   Coping after a traumatic event (Royal College of Psychiatrists)
   http://www.rcpsych.ac.uk/healthadvice/
   problemsdisorders/copingafteratraumaticevent.aspx

   Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - Symptoms (WedMD)
   https://www.webmd.com/mental-health/tc/post-traumatic-stress-di
   sorder--symptoms#1Mugging is a violent traumatizing crime
   (Psychology Today) - Sept 2010 -
   https://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/somatic-psychology/201009/
   mugging-is-violent-traumatizing-crime

   Paranoia and PTSD common in mugging victims, researchers find
   (Heathline News) - March 2013 -
   https://www.healthline.com/health-news/mental-crime-victims-fee
   l-paranoia-months-later-032713

   New Orleans police hunt suspects in brutal beating in French
   Quarter (Fox News) - June 2017 -
   http://www.foxnews.com/us/2017/06/26/new-orleans-police-search-
   for-suspects-in-brutal-beating-tourists-in-french-quarter.html

   Victims of the Boston Strangler (Boston Globe) - July 2013 -
   https://www.bostonglobe .com/metro/2013/
   07/11/victims-boston-strangler/CwbsZlSNcfwmhSetpqNlhL/story.htm
   l

   Copyright © 2017 & Beyond. All Rights Reserved

   [20]Contact | [21]Exchange & Returns

   ClickBank is the retailer of products on this site. CLICKBANK®
   is a registered trademark of Click Sales Inc., a Delaware
   corporation located at 1444 S. Entertainment Ave., Suite 410
   Boise, ID 83709, USA and used by permission. ClickBank's role
   as retailer does not constitute an endorsement, approval or
   review of these products or any claim, statement or opinion
   used in promotion of these products.

   IFRAME: [22]https://www.reallifedefense.com/trial/

References

   1. https://www.reallifedefense.com/?hop=monk242&hopId=5fcefa2f-c15b-42fc-8882-11d1da15d3c4&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=cbtoughmind#references
   2. https://www.reallifedefense.com/?hop=monk242&hopId=5fcefa2f-c15b-42fc-8882-11d1da15d3c4&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=cbtoughmind#references
   3. https://www.reallifedefense.com/?hop=monk242&hopId=5fcefa2f-c15b-42fc-8882-11d1da15d3c4&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=cbtoughmind#references
   4. http://rlsd39.toughmind.pay.clickbank.net/?cbfid=31098&cbskin=18266&vtid=&_vtid=
   5. http://rlsd39.toughmind.pay.clickbank.net/?cbfid=31098&cbskin=18266&vtid=&_vtid=
   6. http://rlsd39dp.toughmind.pay.clickbank.net/?cbfid=37422&cbskin=18266&vtid=&_vtid=
   7. http://rlsd39dp.toughmind.pay.clickbank.net/?cbfid=37422&cbskin=18266&vtid=&_vtid=
   8. http://rlsd39.toughmind.pay.clickbank.net/?cbfid=31098&cbskin=18266&vtid=&_vtid=
   9. http://rlsd39.toughmind.pay.clickbank.net/?cbfid=31098&cbskin=18266&vtid=&_vtid=
  10. http://rlsd39dp.toughmind.pay.clickbank.net/?cbfid=37422&cbskin=18266&vtid=&_vtid=
  11. http://rlsd39dp.toughmind.pay.clickbank.net/?cbfid=37422&cbskin=18266&vtid=&_vtid=
  12. http://rlsd39.toughmind.pay.clickbank.net/?cbfid=31098&cbskin=18266&vtid=&_vtid=
  13. http://rlsd39.toughmind.pay.clickbank.net/?cbfid=31098&cbskin=18266&vtid=&_vtid=
  14. http://rlsd39dp.toughmind.pay.clickbank.net/?cbfid=37422&cbskin=18266&vtid=&_vtid=
  15. http://rlsd39dp.toughmind.pay.clickbank.net/?cbfid=37422&cbskin=18266&vtid=&_vtid=
  16. http://rlsd39.toughmind.pay.clickbank.net/?cbfid=31098&cbskin=18266&vtid=&_vtid=
  17. http://rlsd39.toughmind.pay.clickbank.net/?cbfid=31098&cbskin=18266&vtid=&_vtid=
  18. http://rlsd39dp.toughmind.pay.clickbank.net/?cbfid=37422&cbskin=18266&vtid=&_vtid=
  19. http://rlsd39dp.toughmind.pay.clickbank.net/?cbfid=37422&cbskin=18266&vtid=&_vtid=
  20. https://www.reallifedefense.com/contact.php
  21. https://www.reallifedefense.com/shipping.php
  22. https://www.reallifedefense.com/trial/
