        The Water Liberty Guide Will Change Our World Forever

   Hi, my name is Jim Richardson,

   And today, in this short video I’ll tell you a life-changing
   story about how I figured out how to easily create an automated
   supply of the freshest, high-quality clean water you’ve ever
   tasted for pennies on the dollar…
   [img1.png]

   I’m talking about a simple invention that can be used by any
   family around the world to make safe, clean and cool drinking
   water out of thin air…even in the desert.

   Over the past years over 37000 people have also already
   successfully used the very same technique to get over tragic
   milestones such as hurricanes, or snow storms, fire or floods.

   Based on a technology that’s already in use by the military
   from countries including Israel, India, the U.K. and the U.S.,
   not only can it give up to 30 gallons of water per day to last
   through the centuries long "megadrought" NASA and top
   universities are predicting is right around the corner, but...

          It Can Slash Your Utility Bills All Year Long...

   I’m sure you’re already intrigued and you want to know all
   about how this breakthrough system works.

   Honestly, it’s like nothing you’ve ever seen and in a few
   minutes from now you’ll be outraged you’ve put your family's
   life in the hands of FEMA the Government and the greedy water
   corporations that make the cards these days…

   So you absolutely need to watch this short presentation today,
   while it’s still up…

   I don't know how much longer I'll have this FREE presentation
   online, so watch this right now, while you still can...

   Before we continue, let me tell you who I am, and how it all
   started…

   As I mentioned before, my name is Jim Richardson I’m a 49
   year-old 3rd generation farmer and I live near Merced City with
   my wife and my daughter…
   [JIM.PNG]

   Folks who live here know that water shortages due to withering
   droughts and extreme weather in the area are somehow of an
   issue and we have been fighting them for years…

   And we’ve never liked how our officials are handling the
   situation by introducing laws that force us to cut our usage or
   by skyrocketing prices for something everybody should afford…

   Like having a clean, non-disturbed water supply without
   restriction…

   However, we simply settled thinking “That’s the economy” or
   “Maybe it’ll be better next year”, month after month struggling
   not to fall behind on the increasingly unaffordable bills..

   All that until the spring of 2014, May 16th, Wednesday.

                The absolute worst day of my life...

   We were entering our third year of drought, a recurring
   nightmare for those old enough to remember the prolonged 6-year
   dry period of 1987 to 1992 and the disaster of 1976 and 1977,
   the previous record-setting drought.
   [img4.png]

   But this time, it was different.

   Without help from the heavens, 2014 would be the last year
   before my family would begin to go bankrupt…

   Due to the severe drought I was forced to leave hundreds of
   acres unplanted because there was simply no water for my crops.

   Moreover, The State Water Project announced for the first time
   in its 54-year history that it would deliver no water and we
   would have to get by with water from other sources, such as the
   Colorado River, groundwater or the little left in their
   reservoirs.

   And I was expecting zero allocation from the federal Central
   Valley Project, which delivers water to farmers through 500
   miles of canals.

   However, I thought I was prepared...solar electricity, solar
   hot water and we even had our own well.

   Big Mistake !

   1 year later our well totally dried out…
   [img6.jpg]

   I didn’t really panic because I still had a 600 gallons water
   stockpile that I saved as an emergency reserve…to last enough
   for my family while we dig up a new well.

   A few nights after I submitted our permit application for our
   new well…I heard some strange noises coming from our
   backyard...

   I took my gun and hurried outside to see what happened…

            And What I Saw Made Me Freeze In My Tracks...

   There were some men loading our entire water stockpile into
   their van!
   [img7.jpg]

   They weren’t looking to break into our house or searching for
   expensive stuff like gold, cash or other valuables...they just
   wanted our water.

   I was ready to shoot right then and there…yet before I could
   even aim my gun I felt the cold blade of a knife pressed upon
   the side of my neck…

   There was nothing I could do…

   You can’t imagine how I felt not being able to protect my
   family…

   And then the next morning when my little daughter Sarah came to
   me and said

   “Daddy, I’m thirsty!”

   I immediately burst into tears.

           It Was The Most Devastating Moment Of My Life.
   [img8.png]

   I felt like my world collapsed.

   I felt POWERLESS because there was nothing I could do to
   protect the ones I cared for most...

   It was the moment I realized I was at the end of my rope.

   I swore to myself I’d never put my wife and daughter in a
   similar situation again.

   I don't want to sound preachy about it…but ask yourself…

   What Happens If The Drought Continues…

   What are we going to turn into?

   Are there going to be killings over a sip of water?
   [img9.jpg]

   Humanity is already on the verge of de-humanization due to hard
   times that continue to weaken all of us…

   Listen, 2020 was the year of an unprecedented water crisis that
   left unchangeable consequences…

   Yet amidst a global pandemic, no-one seemed to notice…

   and there are no signs that it would get better…

 Water Is Rapidly Becoming “The New Oil” And People Are Starting
             To Look At Water Much Like A New Gold Rush.

   A recent government-backed report issued a stark warning:

               “America is running OUT OF WATER.”

   In fact, the situation has grown so dire that the U.S. Office
   of the Director of National Intelligence now ranks water
   scarcity as a major threat to national security alongside
   terrorism.

   And the US Defense Intelligence Agency estimates that water
   requirements will exceed supplies by 40% shortage by 2030.
   [img10.jpg]

   This means that every year, the competition for a clean,
   copious supply of water for drinking, cooking, bathing, and
   sustaining life intensifies.

   Sadly, the competitors include thieves, big corporations and
   even our government…

   Yet, how did we get in this life-threatening situation?

    The First Reason Is That Most Of Us Take Water Completely For
       Granted… simply assuming “WATER IS A HUMAN RIGHT”
   [img11.png]

   We tend to think of water only as it's coming out of our tap in
   the morning when we're brushing our teeth or washing vegetables
   or whatever.

   But, in fact, water is embedded in everything we use and buy
   and do throughout the day.

   Your morning shower takes 17 gallons of water, growing the
   coffee beans for your cup of joe takes upwards of 34 gallons…
   it takes 13 gallons of water to generate one gallon of gas…

   And it takes a staggering 1300 gallons to produce a Big Mac…

    Before Lunch, You've Used Up Thousands Of Gallons Of Water…
   [img13.png]

   This water, which often goes largely unseen, is called “virtual
   water.” What gets forgotten is that this virtual water is as
   REAL as the water you drink.

   There is basically the same amount of freshwater on earth as
   there always has been…

   But while the amount of freshwater on the planet has remained
   fairly constant over time, the population has exploded…leaving
   the world's water resources in crisis.

   That means more than TWO-THIRDS of the world’s rapidly growing
   population could soon be starved for world's most precious
   resource.

   And on top of all that…

    NASA And Top Universities Have SOLID Proof That A Disastrous
                SUPER DROUGHT Is Going To Hit Us Hard

   A decades-long “MEGADROUGHT” more severe than any since the
   1500s… that could make entire regions of the country nearly
   uninhabitable…just like it did before several times throughout
   U.S. history…
   [img15.jpg]

   Now I can hear you BS radar going off…And I’m sure you’re
   already thinking there’s no way it could be true…

   Please, if you have ever lived with this confidence, stop right
   now! I'll explain why in a moment...

   History has shown us time and time again that things can go
   south in the blink of an eye…

   Historically droughts have turned vast swaths of farmland to
   dust, created panic, killed millions in livestock and forced
   widespread human migration, financial depression, and
   starvation.
   [img16.jpg]

   For example, in the second half of the 13th century, a
   catastrophic worldwide drought caused the collapse of societies
   all over the globe…cities and towns were literally abandoned…

   Native Americans called the Anasazi suddenly disappeared from
   their homes at Mesa Verde on the Colorado Plateau during this
   extreme drought…

   And here’s the bad part: History has a not so funny way of
   repeating itself and…

 “Those Who Cannot Remember The Past Are Condemned To Repeat It”

   Thanks to satellites launched by NASA, we can now understand
   more accurately and measure this developing invisible
   crisis…revealing how supplies are shrinking rapidly...not just
   in the US…all over the American continent…

   Scientists also warn in a new study that provides the highest
   degree of certaintythat if we stay on the current trajectory
   the chances of a decades long "MEGADROUGHT" are ABOVE 80
   PERCENT…
   [img17.png]

   Lake Mead, the largest reservoir in the U.S. is now at the
   lowest that it has ever been since the Hoover Dam was finished
   in the 1930s…

   And may experience an even more severe shortage by the end of
   the year – a depth from which the lake is unlikely to recover
   any time soon.

   And that’s not the only lake that can no longer replenish to
   meet our growing demand…
   [img18.png]

   Look at Lake Powell (the United States’ second largest
   reservoir).

   Lake Powell’s projected decline in 2021 recently triggered the
   Upper Basin contingency plan to be used for the first time in
   history…

   And a recent study by the Bureau of Reclamation estimated that
   Lake Powell could soon dip below a crisis threshold.

   Just imagine what will happen if the drought keeps getting
   worse…it will be down for the count…and sadly, there will be no
   water left to splash on our face to help recover.

   The entire American continent is already on the ropes…we’re
   turning back into a desert.

                  And This Is Just The Beginning…

   By 2071, nearly half of the 204 freshwater basins in the United
   States will sink to record lows and possibly disappear…
   [img20.jpg]

   And if 50 years seems like a long way off, the reality is much
   sooner: shortages could occur in 83 basins as early as this
   year.

   For example ALL the Great Lakes of North America including
   Superior, Michigan, Huron, Erie, and Ontario are at
   historically-low levels and are going down quickly…

   And that’s not all…
   [img22.png]

   The Colorado River Basin, which supplies water to 40 million
   people in seven states, is losing water at dramatic rates - a
   “shocking” 65 cubic kilometers, or roughly the equivalent of
   two full Lake Meads…and it no longer reaches the sea.

   On top of all that we're pumping irreplaceable groundwater to
   counter the drought.

   Groundwater comes from aquifers—spongelike gravel and
   sand-filled underground reservoirs…

   We rely on this hidden—and shrinking—water supply to meet our
   needs but these aquifers cannot recharge, and once this
   "fossil" water is gone, it is gone forever…and then the real
   crisis begins…
   [img23.jpg]

   The Ogallala-High Plains Aquifer is one of the world’s largest
   groundwater sources, extending from South Dakota down through
   the Texas Panhandle across portions of eight states…

   Today the Ogallala Aquifer is being depleted at an annual
   volume equivalent to 18 Colorado Rivers.

   A recent Kansas State University study said that if farmers
   keep irrigating at present rates, 69 percent of the Ogallala
   Aquifer will be gone in a blink…

   And if the region’s lifeblood goes dry, “The consequences will
   be huge” and a major crisis in the years ahead is virtually
   guaranteed…

   When the Dust Bowl overtook the Great Plains in the 1930s, the
   Ogallala hasn’t been yet discovered, and the results were
   devastating…death, famine and for the most
   fortunate…relocation.

            We All Heard About These Recent Tragedies…

   Just a few years ago, the Texas drought was raging at full
   throttle and we saw emaciated longhorns, desiccated fields and
   burning prairie grass.  Stories of small towns literally
   running out of water made headlines.

   Many realized what it feels like to live without basic
   necessities, and for the first time felt the IMPORTANCE of
   water…
   [img25.jpg]

   For years, we have been warned that Dust Bowl conditions would
   be returning to the country, and as this drought continues to
   stretch on we can now see it slowly happening all around us.

   Most people don’t realize that things are going to get worse
   than this…Much worse!
   [img27.png]

   As The National Weather Service’s seasonal forecast projects
   that drought conditions WILL PERSIST… And the number of people
   suffering extreme droughts will DOUBLE…

   The United States is already on the verge of a national crisis
   that could mean the end of clean, cheap water...

   Hundreds of cities and towns are at high risk of sudden and
   severe shortages, either because available water is not safe to
   drink or because there simply isn’t enough of it.

        And All These Will Trigger Wars All Over The American
                            Continent…

   War and drought are the two words forever associated…and it
   already happened before…

   In Nigeria, Boko Haram’s insurgency in 2010 came out of a
   demand for clean drinking water.
   [img28.png]

   And recent reports of the consequences of droughts in Syria and
   Somalia indicate that these events have already contributed to
   armed conflict outbreaks or sustained conflicts in both
   countries.

   During these conflicts, over 290,000 people died.

   Scientists proved droughts and other severe weather events are
   increasing the risk of wars breaking out across the world…

   Even the US military recently warned that one in four conflicts
   coincided with “climatic calamities”.

   For those thinking these conflicts will only occur in distant
   lands, think again. A study clearly warns of a very high chance
   of these “hydro-political interactions” in some parts of the US
   and northern Mexico.
   [img29.png]

         What Are We Going To Do Once All The Water Is Gone?

   Well, I immediately began researching every single alternative
   I could find.

   Because I clearly couldn’t rely on our government for the
   safety of my family…
   [img31.jpg]

   Our ailing water infrastructure is amid the country’s worst
   crisis in decades…

   Early in 2021 Texans across the state have reported severe
   water outages as pipes cracked, water lines froze and water
   treatment plants were knocked offline.

   More than 14 million Texans and most of Jackson, Mississippi
   were not able to drink, bathe or wash clothes, dishes, hands or
   even flush toilets - all during a pandemic.
   [img33.jpg]

   So I first considered drilling a new well, and I looked pretty
   much into this option. However, I found out that well-drillers
   are working overtime and farmers and homeowners short of water
   now must wait in line more than a year for their new wells.

   Moreover, wells that used to strike water at 500 feet deep must
   now be drilled down 1,000 feet or more, at a cost of more than
   $300,000 for a single well. Money I just haven’t lying
   around…and according to scientists they will all dry out
   eventually…

   Next, I considered filtering water.
   [img34.png]

   But, maybe you heard that we have a major
   toxic-chemicals-in-water problem across the entire state.

   For months millions of Americans have been drinking, bathing in
   and cooking with water coming from systems that highly violate
   health standards…

   Our tap water is often a toxic blend of nitrates, arsenic, lead
   and copper, disinfection byproducts and even radioactive mining
   substances…

   And according to the Environmental Working Group, over 1,000
   locations in 49 states have confirmed cases of contamination by
   highly toxic fluorinated compounds known as PFAS.

   So the idea of filtering water is becoming an impossible
   mission…

                     So I had only one option...

   If I wanted to make sure my family never goes through such an
   experience again, I had to create my own solution.

   It had to be something cheap.

   And fast and easy to build because I definitely didn’t have any
   technical skills to build complicated stuff.

   Being a farmer doesn’t really offer those kinds of skills.
   [img36.png]

   So I started looking into every other solution that could bring
   me the security for my family.

   Many sleepless nights passed and I was getting tired of surfing
   the Internet for a simple solution.

   Yet one day, Ashley, my wife, reminded me about my uncle Henry
   and his research in the military sector.

   On top of that…his life-goal was to save the planet and offer
   our children a better life.

   As a professional researcher he had all the resources he needed
   to do it.

   And, setting his goal to “Help humankind”, as he said, he
   dedicated his life to discovering new technology.

   And he did a thorough research.

   I remembered him telling me how when he was on the
   battlefield...military troops in some of the toughest field
   conditions in the world were able to source drinking water out
   of thin air.

   That very moment I realized the answer I was looking for was in
                         front of my eyes...

   I later found out that the innovative system he told me about
   was invented by a brilliant professor as a portable water
   generator, which extracts water from the air…
   [img37.jpg]

   He realized all air, from arid deserts to humid cities,
   contains water vapor…

   In fact, there’s over six times the amount of water in vapor
   form around our planet than in all the rivers…
   [img38.png]

   This device is now being used with great success in the
   military sector by armed forces from seven countries, including
   the United States, India, France and Mexico…to produce fresh
   drinking water in conflict zones…in the hottest and driest of
   environments mostly in the desert.

   The device is based on a simple condensation principle. It
   sucks in humid air and cools it down, much like an air
   conditioner, but a lot more efficient…and transforms it into
   fresh drinkable water.

   That’s the real secret!

   What you may not realize is just how efficient such a simple
   innovative system is…as it eliminates the need of buying
   expensive bottled water or going through the hassle of drilling
   a new well…
   [img39.png]

   And thanks to this breakthrough technology you can now
   literally drink from the enormous lakes in the air…

   The water is purified and the unique system can produce up to
   30 gallons of clean, fresh water a day…and you won’t have to
   worry about all the nasty chemicals ever again…

   The fundamentals are so easy and if properly applied, you can
   have a virtually unlimited water supply anywhere…even if you
   live in the desert.

                That was the solution to my problem.

   However, I found out that the technology to extract water from
   the air is not new and…some greedy corporations got their hands
   on it and are selling these devices to families for close to a
   small fortune…

   So while this option was off the table, I knew there had to be
   a solution out there…
   [img40.png]

   And that’s when I decided to pay a visit to my uncle…he saw the
   device with his own eyes after all…

   Without wasting a single second, I took some time off, kissed
   my family goodbye and I swore myself I wouldn’t come back
   without the solution.

   I went to Mesa, Arizona, and talked with my uncle.

   I told him my story and asked if he could help me…begging him
   to show me his research on this device…

   He agreed and as he explained to me what it was all about in
   very little detail…I got very disappointed because everything
   sounded too hard for me. I had no technical knowledge
   whatsoever.

   I said:

   “Uncle Henry stop! I know you have some technical knowledge and
   it is easy for you to understand what’s in there...but is there
   any way you can make this simple so anyone can do it?”

   Being an enthusiast in this field, he agreed.

   However, I insisted on setting some basic rules:
     * The device had to be incredibly cheap to build – I was
       already over my budget with the research, the trip and
       everything.
     * It had to be very easy to build – so that I could explain
       the building process to my wife and daughter to build it if
       God forbid something were to happen to me.

   [img41.png]

   So we started working on the project together.

   The first designs we made were either too expensive, or too
   complicated for me to build.

   We had some heated arguments, mainly because of me being really
   stubborn – I needed the device to be cheap and simple.

   In the end, after several attempts...

    We finally came up with a prototype that seemed to be what we
                          were looking for.

   The design was brilliant...

   And we managed to build it with only $270 worth of materials
   from Home Depot...

   However, I’m sure we could have found the parts at a junkyard
   almost for free, if we weren’t in a rush.

   But the most important part is that it was incredibly simple to
   put together.

   You simply had to place the components in the correct position…

   And because of the ingenious way the device was designed…
   [img42.png]

   It gave us up to 20 gallons of the purest water per day…Plus,
   the quality of this water is far better than drinking
   regulations.

   Even more, the system was actually incredibly easy to use -
   even if you're terrible at building stuff and have trouble
   changing a light bulb.

   The next step was to test it out and see if it really worked as
   well as we thought it would.

   So we started the device and...

              I stood watching in complete AMAZEMENT...
   [img43.png]

   The system reached optimum performance because of the brilliant
   design uncle Phillip had come up with…

   It was providing a steady, robust supply of fresh, pure water
   ON DEMAND…

   I could hardly contain my EXCITEMENT of what we had
   accomplished…

   Not only having all the healthy, pure WATER we could DRINK…But
   also having the WATER INSURANCE this would give us should
   disaster hit…

   In truth, I almost couldn't believe how simple all of this
   was...

   Missing my family, I rushed home with the plans…

   I started building the device from scratch, following the steps
   and using most of the stuff I had lying around in my
   backyard…and after about 2 hours, I built the device and put it
   to work.

   It ran perfectly.

   I mean with just a few cents per hour to keep it up…me and my
   family had a virtually non-stop supply of fresh water day in
   and day out.

   That’s probably less than half you pay on your monthly utility
   bill.

   All it took me was about 2 hours of my time, and about $270 in
   initial costs…

   And my family was now safe and independent.

   I loved the fact that I was teaching my daughter such a great
   lesson about not being dependent on the government or any
   corporations...

   And I felt so RELIEVED to know that she would always grow up in
   a warm, safe and comfortable home.

   Well before long my friends and family members were begging to
   know my secret…

   And when I showed them the simple, portable water generator I’d
   created…

   A lot of them had a hard time believing something so small
   could create water-on-demand.

   But after I’d given them the simple building instructions that
   I had come up with…

   And they’d followed them, and created...

  Their own “endless water supply” in about the time it takes to
                    assemble an IKEA furniture…

   They became believers FAST.

   And the results were the same over and over again: An ABUNDANCE
   of clean, fresh water for their family…
   [img44.png]

   They loved knowing they would never have to rely on ANYONE OR
   ANYTHING for their #1 need in life, even if a disaster turns
   the outside world upside down…

   Soon my friends were telling their friends about my little
   miniature “home oasis”…

   Until finally the number of phone calls and emails from people
   asking me to share the blueprints with them became so
   overwhelming…

   My wife had to put her foot down and told me that I HAD to find
   a better way to share this lifesaving knowledge with the world.

   So, I went to work writing out the detailed blueprints, a
   complete materials list and a follow-along guide showing the
   construction process in simple steps…

         And that’s how the Water Liberty Guide was born.
   [coverphone-rsz.png]

   It’s the only proven, EXCLUSIVE step-by-step guide showing you
   EXACTLY how to create your own “home oasis” TODAY…and how to
   survive any tough century long drought…

   As you already know, this system was specifically created so
   that ANYONE with one hand can do it - As long as you understand
   how to turn a screwdriver, flip a page, and can somewhat speak
   English...you can set up this system no problem.

   In fact...

      You'll be shocked by how few steps there actually are...

   And how short the list of materials you need to build this is.

   You'll see exactly what those steps are, along with a full
   materials list that will help you build the system from start
   to finish.
   [img46.png]

   Even though it wasn't cheap for me to conceive this system – (I
   put a lot of time, money and effort into it) – I think it's
   EXTREMELY VALUABLE...

   We wrote and documented these easy step-by-step, take you by
   the hand instructions so you can provide clean, fresh water for
   your family no matter the scenario…

   And you can simply download the files to your computer, tablet,
   or smartphone...

   Just LOOK at what you'll receive today inside the “Water
   Liberty Guide”:
     * How this simple method can pull moisture out of thin air,
       filter it and turn it into an unlimited supply of pure
       drinking water with the press of a button. And you’ll
       discover just how incredibly easy it is to put it together
       for less than $270 in total costs and in under two hours of
       your time.
     * Not only will you have an automated supply of the freshest,
       cleanest water you’ve ever tasted for pennies on the
       dollar… this will become "Liquid Gold" in the middle of any
       disaster situation…
     * What's more... because the “Water Liberty System” is very
       light and portable, it makes for one of the best
       "emergency" water sources you could ever hope for.
     * Enjoy the sense of security that comes with having gallons
       of "renewable water" on-demand…even in an emergency…And
       forget about the worry of storage space.
     * And best of all, it generates FREE water day in and day out
       – so you can slash your water bill by 30%...60%...even 90%
       and save up to thousands each year.

   That’s just a glimpse of what the “Water Liberty Guide” will do
   for you…

    To date, more than 37,000 families have used this exact same
        system to permanently ditch their water suppliers...

   So with all of that being said, I want you to pause and think
   about this for a second...
   [img47.png]

   How good will it feel to never have to worry every time you
   pour yourself a glass of water?

   To never have to feel the stress of not knowing what hidden
   chemicals you and your family drink, bath or cook with…

   To never care about how much you spend on water…or how much the
   prices go through the roof…

   And know you’ll never have to send a single dime to companies
   that couldn't care less about your family’s wellbeing.

   How happy are you going to be when you join the ranks of the
   37,000 other freedom fighters who have already decided that
   they are FED UP with being dependent on others for the safety
   of their families.

   In just 2 hours from now, you can have the only endless water
   supply you’ll ever need and the power to survive and thrive
   through any disaster.
   [img48.png]

   And you’ll save up to hundreds of dollars each month…and up to
   thousands each year…

   This is my promise to you: if you use the over-the-shoulder
   guides, the step-by-step blueprints, the illustrated
   instructions, and the materials cheat-sheet I’m giving you…

   You will create a mobile, self-contained system that will
   deliver an abundance of clean fresh water no matter if you live
   in the desert or any dry zone.

   And given all of that…

     How much is it worth to you to literally have an unlimited
                    water supply for your family?

   Well first of all, let me just be clear about it, there is no
   system like this available anywhere in the world.

   The “Water Liberty Guide” is the sum of considerable expertise
   in this field…and the contribution of a brilliant engineer.

   And beyond all the technical innovations that have gone into
   making this simple and easy to use system…

   You also need to understand that this is about more than just
   water…

   It’s about keeping your family safe.
   [img49.png]

   The reason I am so passionate about getting the “Water Liberty
   Guide” into your hands is that I NEVER want you to go through
   what I went through…

   I want to give you the opportunity today to make sure that your
   home is filled with warmth and love…

   Especially when you can do it all without ever having to send
   another dime to the same corporations who are getting rich off
   your family’s financial struggles.

   Ultimately, this is about taking action TODAY…

   So I’m not going to ask you to invest $1000 for this secret
   even though I know it’s worth at least that.

   It won’t cost you $500, either… (that’s the amount you’d
   probably spend on a fancy water generator at the greedy
   retailers)

   I want to let as many people as possible in and help them break
   free from the ropes and chains of the government and selfish
   corporations.

   That’s why... if you act right now and only on this page, I'll
   let you have the complete “Water Liberty Guide”, including the
   manual, the schematics, the parts list and all the step-by-step
   guides…

               For a single payment of ONLY $39.69…

   But the only way to secure your spot in the program is to click
   the “BUY NOW” Button Bellow NOW.
   [1][add-to-cart-button-2.png]

                             [cards.png]


   I can’t guarantee that I can keep this price for longer,
   especially since we’re giving away Unlimited Lifetime Email
   Support…
   [img50.png]

   So don’t get mad if you come here in a few days and see that
   the price has gone up.

   And really... the price doesn't even matter…

   That’s because...

You’re covered by our “No Questions Asked Money Back Guarantee”
                          for 60 full days.

                         [badge-60-day.png]

   It’s simple:

   Get the program today… and put it to the test…

   See how easy it is to have clean, pure water for as long as you
   live with the “Water Liberty System”!

   Feel the peace of mind that comes with knowing you’re fully
   protected from any type of disaster…

   And see what it’s like be truly independent with this virtually
   unlimited water source…in less than a few minutes from right
   now.

   You have 60 days to decide whether this was a good investment
   or not!

   And if you’re less than thrilled with how much you’re saving on
   water, just write us a short email at the address you’ll find
   in the members area…

   We’ll give you an immediate refund – even if it’s the 23rd hour
   of the 59th day.

   The “Water Liberty Guide” will help you generate your own
   water, survive and thrive no matter how big the next drought
   will be…
   [img51.png]

   You won't need space filling water stockpiles or rain
   collecting gizmos... and it's so portable, you can even take it
   with you on your trips!

   Instead of paying thousands of dollars on expensive water
   generators...you can pocket the savings and spend it on more
   important things!

   You’re finally free and independent…no longer at the mercy of
   greedy corporations and our government…

   Now, you have the chance to join all of us in the fight to take
   back our water freedom…

   And you have a full 60 Days to “try before you buy”.

                       [2][bundlewlg-rsz.png]

   [3][add-to-cart-button-2.png]

                             [cards.png]


   Right now, you`re at a crossroads that`s going to affect not
   just your bank account but your happiness, your security and
   the safety of your family for years to come…

   And the way I see it, three paths lie ahead of you.

   Now I know you could just walk away and chance it that you’ll
   never have to one day be caught without clean drinking water...
   [img52.jpg]

   Keep living with the fear that your kid will not be “poisoned”
   by this so called water that comes out of the tap these days.

   Keep hoping for the best and not be prepared for the worst...

   And pray to Almighty God that YOU don't have to live through
   all the disasters that experts predict are just around the
   corner...

   Keep buying bottled water for your family…

   But for how long?
   [img53.jpg]

   The prices are already going through the roof and sooner than
   you’ll realize you’re going to need to remortgage just to
   quench your family’s thirst.

   You could try digging a well… that’s if you can afford the
   minimum of $12,000 drilling and installations costs…or even try
   your luck with rain harvesting…

   Of course, there's a second path - and that is, to take what
   you`ve learned today and try to “Figure Out” your own system
   for creating REAL water for your family.

   Honestly? You can try this!

   But why on earth would you put the life of your family on the
   line?

   It took our team a lot of time, effort, energy and work to put
   together the “Water Liberty Guide”, to test it and to make sure
   that even “non-technical” folks like my brother could follow it
   and use it…

   And it’s WAY too easy to mess this up (and spend a lot of
   money) while you`re experimenting…

   And we all know how dangerous that is...you might end up with a
   source full of lead, fluoride or other cancer causing
   substances like thallium...

   If you really want to be self-sufficient...and not at the mercy
   of FEMA and the corporations, then you should seriously
   consider path #3:
   [img54.png]

   Let ME take all the risk for you!

   Do what over 37,000 families have already done and grab your
   copy of the “Water Liberty Guide”…

   See how good it feels to have all the water you need for you
   and your family in shockingly little time.

   And with our generous 60 day guarantee, there`s really no way
   you can lose.

   Just click the orange “BUY NOW” Button that you see below!

                       [4][bundlewlg-rsz.png]

   [5][add-to-cart-button-2.png]

                             [cards.png]


   You`ll be brought right to our secure order page and will be
   able to grab your copy of the “Water Liberty Guide” and all the
   bonuses at a whopping discount right away!

   So you need to act fast if you don't want to miss out on the
   opportunity of a lifetime!

   When the world outside will go crazy for a drop of water...your
   family will have enough to drink, for cooking, or even bathing
   and washing clothes.

   The bottom line is, you need to get in fast - while you can -
   to get your hands on this proven way to ensure your everyday
   health and survival…
   [6][add-to-cart-button-2.png]

                             [cards.png]


Still Here ?

   No worries!

   I know that sometimes it can be scary to take that first step
   and you probably have a few questions.

   So, to help you feel fully confident in the investment you’re
   about to make, let me take a minute or two to go ahead answer
   some of the most common questions I get asked right now.

Q: How does The Water Liberty System work?

   A: The device is based on a simple condensation principle. It
   sucks in humid air and cools it down, much like an air
   conditioner, but a lot more efficient…and transforms it into
   drinkable water. The water is purified and the unique system
   can produce up to 30 gallons of clean, fresh water a day…It’s a
   unique concept that can be used in every home or emergency
   situation.

Q: What’s Maintenance Like?

   A: There’s no maintenance whatsoever because the device is a
   “one-time build”.

Q: Is the Water Liberty System Hard to Put Together?

   A: Nope. When my uncle was helping me to come up with the
   designs, I was adamant that this be incredibly simple to build.

   There’s very little physical labor, so even the elderly or
   those with a bad back or other ailment should have no problem
   putting everything together.

   As a result, there are just a small handful of materials
   required, and you should allow about three hours total for
   assembly.

   If you’re still feeling nervous, remember that the step-by-step
   manual is designed with you in mind. Simply follow each step
   and you’ll be there in no time. It’s really self-explanatory.

   Plus, if you do get confused for even a second, don’t forget to
   take advantage of your free unlimited lifetime support that’s
   included.

Q: What’s Included Again?

   A: Inside, you’ll get my comprehensive guide showing you
   EXACTLY how to create your own “home oasis” TODAY…and how to
   survive any tough century long drought…

   I made this manual with an “over-the-shoulder” approach, so
   it’s basically like I’m there in the room helping you build it.

   You’ll also get the blueprints, full color step-by-step
   directions and the full materials list.

   PLUS, your investment today will come with unlimited lifetime
   support.

   This means you can email me anytime you have a question, and
   I’ll promptly reply.

Q: Is There A Guarantee?

   A: YES! Once you place your order, you have a full 60 days to
   check out the manual, blueprints, and instructions.

   Just follow along, and once you start building your system will
   be up and running in around three hours.

   If at ANY point you are unsatisfied, or change your mind about
   this, just send me an email and I will refund your entire
   investment – no questions asked.
   [badge-60-day.png]

Q: I’m Ready! How Do I Get Started?

   A: Simply click on the “BUY NOW” button you see below. You’ll
   then be taken to my 100% secure checkout page, where you’ll
   enter your order information.
   [7][add-to-cart-button-2.png]

                             [cards.png]


   After you’ve completed your order, you’ll have access to my
   special “members only area”.

   From there, you can instantly download everything.

   Remember, you have a full 60 Day money-back guarantee here,
   along with unlimited lifetime support.

   So, go ahead and seize your opportunity now by clicking the
   orange buy button below.
   [8][add-to-cart-button-2.png]

                             [cards.png]

     * [9]Disclaimer
     * [10]Privacy
     * [11]Terms and Conditions
     * [12]Refunds
     * [13]Anti-Spam Policy
     * [14]References
     * [15]Affiliate Disclosure
     * [16]Contact Us

   In order to keep him anonymous, the author used a pen name: Jim
   Richardson

      Please take into consideration that results may vary. The
         information contained in this site is provided for
     informational purposes only, and should not be construed as
     advice on any subject matter. You should not act or refrain
    from acting on the basis of any content included in this site
        without seeking professional advice. Reliance on any
    information provided by this site and others appearing on the
   site is solely at your own risk. The site and its contents are
                    provided on an "as is" basis.

   ClickBank is the retailer of products on this site. CLICKBANK®
      is a registered trademark of Click Sales Inc., a Delaware
    corporation located at 1444 S. Entertainment Ave., Suite 410
   Boise, ID 83709, USA and used by permission. ClickBank’s role
     as retailer does not constitute an endorsement, approval or
     review of these products or any claim, statement or opinion
                used in promotion of these products.

   Copyright © 2021 & Above waterlibertyguide.com

                   [17]DMCA.com Protection Status

   IFRAME:
   [18]https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-KQHTNT3

References

   1. https://watercpa.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=1&cbfid=48226&template=form1&vtid=tsl
   2. https://watercpa.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=1&cbfid=48226&template=form1&vtid=tsl
   3. https://watercpa.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=1&cbfid=48226&template=form1&vtid=tsl
   4. https://watercpa.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=1&cbfid=48226&template=form1&vtid=tsl
   5. https://watercpa.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=1&cbfid=48226&template=form1&vtid=tsl
   6. https://watercpa.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=1&cbfid=48226&template=form1&vtid=tsl
   7. https://watercpa.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=1&cbfid=48226&template=form1&vtid=tsl
   8. https://watercpa.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=1&cbfid=48226&template=form1&vtid=tsl
   9. https://www.waterlibertyguide.com/disclaimer_cb.html
  10. https://www.waterlibertyguide.com/privacy.html
  11. https://www.waterlibertyguide.com/terms.html
  12. https://www.waterlibertyguide.com/refunds.html
  13. https://www.waterlibertyguide.com/anti-spam.html
  14. https://www.waterlibertyguide.com/references.html
  15. https://www.waterlibertyguide.com/affiliate-disclosure.html
  16. https://www.waterlibertyguide.com/contact.html
  17. file://www.dmca.com/Protection/Status.aspx?ID=3956d312-1070-47b4-a1c6-29c9dd02f886
  18. https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-KQHTNT3
